I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - How I Got Into This Mess (2/7)
The challenger of the cynegtic hunt Part 1
The Creature of the Cursed Tree
A weird noise in the night
"Your free trial to life has ended."
Cutting Off Relationship Ties
something has been appearing in all of my pictures (pt 1)
If you see a man with crooked antlers, it may already be too late for you.
6 floors, I feel so alone.
The Mirror Devil- final Part
I See Things I Shouldn't (Index)
He lurks inside my head, waiting for my demise.
The Pickaxe Men At Our CampsiteI walked into the woods on Saturday. By Monday, I couldn’t walk.
A youtube personality said he's taking horror back to its roots
My blueberry farm has a curse.
I live in a house with four ghosts and I think our new neighbor is a demon
Sleep on call
Hello neighbor
The End Of The Old And The Beginning Of The New
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. We’re back in business, for now.
The Girl I Was
I Posted A Story On No Sleep A Year Ago. But I Didn't Write It.
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 9)
Welcome to the Carnival.
this is all very nope
Never sleeping there again
Please help me, I am not dead! Part 1
The clockwork ghost ship
The man who stalked me
The panio playing doll.
We should have never gone on Grandma's Scavenger Hunt
My son &amp; I had the same dream
I responded to a craigslist ad. Now I'm going to die a horrible death at the hands of a brilliant scientist.
Something is Wrong with my Neighbourhood. (Part 2)
My Boyfriend Has Been Hiding Something From Me (Part 1)
Wishing I Was Back Home
I don’t think the sounds outside my house belong to an animal
The Earth is Gone
my cousin is weird
My Daughter was Schizophrenic
Something terrible came with the rain
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel, I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories.
The order of the nine angles
Things That Go "Beep" in the Night
Creepy Hospital Phone Call
It felt so good to kill her
Jiujitsu Saved My Life.
I wish I never learned about the black eye’d kids
Christmas Town
I started working as a Librarian at my local Library, but the rules I found on my second shift are strange..
I Hit Something With My Car
Pached Egg
My Family Joined The "Good Citizens Award Scheme" In My Little City. We Got Scammed Brutally.
He gave me his love, he gave me his life. But when the moon smiled back, it was my time to die.
“Watch for deer”
The voice in my head keeps screaming and I cant make it stop
3 Devils - Prologue
My daughter is obsessed with a snow globe she got for christmas and i’m worried about the reason
I think training at this crisis center is going to be the death of me
Exciting an electron in one place/death of Innocence
Crappy horror by a disturbed 11yo.. Part 1.
My daily worship with Aunt Grace
the shadows
I feel better than ever, but my piss is black now. Should I be worried?
My name is Project 15 part two
Last Embrace
The City After Midnight Pt. 2
They are here. I know because the doors are being opened.
My friend asked me to babysit. The house has some weird rules.
Doctor
The Psychogenic Itch.
My dad’s disease
The reason we can’t go through mirrors is because the thing inside always blocks your way.
My Mother raises Mutants.
I was pen pals with an executed death row inmate. I think he was innocent. Part 2
I didn't even know
Separation Anxiety
I found a diary from the late ‘70’s in the crawlspace of my new house. I’m worried this kid was really seeing something. I’m not sure what to do. 1st entry included.
Kelly The Sentimental Artist
NASA tried to trapped me in space because of what I saw...
The time that will forever haunt me.
12 a.m.
Counting curses
New House, New Demon
I'm an ex-con and after nearly a year of unemployment I finally landed a job on the graveyard shift at a long term care facility working as an orderly. I was assigned to clean bed pans on the vegetative wing and this is what happened my first night
I saw an article about a child with 500 teeth, I thought I'd tell my story
The Army Has More Devils Than You Know
The caves.
So recently I heard about this app, randonaut.
The Science of Spirits: My husband passed away when we were just starting our lives, and I couldn't accept that he was gone. As a scientist, I decided simply not to. Part 3.
Avoid watching Nate and Kate on WPKU channel 63
Patient 734
Honey, I'll be home soon, but I'm stuck on a ship with a crew that's gone insane
The Mansion of Secrets, I Should've Stayed at the Party
I might be a sacrifice, and I just started realizing it
I started my new job last night, the clients are super creepy
Bely Button Trouble
My dad was a Scientist i am scared of what he made.
People Wash Up on the Shore of my Island Community. Now I Know Where They Come From.
The thing in the room.
Forgotten memory
My team and I raided an old building that should not exist. I'm never turning the lights off again. (part 2)
I think someone in the woods tried to drug me and my friends while camping
Boo.
You Should Press Play 2
I Tried To Kill Death
Weird experience on youtube
My African horror story... of hate, death and carnage
I'm not sure if I miss her
I Tired Past Life Regression and Now Something is After Me
Do NOT take a drug called "Ebony H"
Im sad again
My friend impregnated me inside an endless void . PART 1/2
The screams in my head wont stop!!! They'll never ever stop until I do what they want...
I frequent an abandoned graveyard often- today I found a statue that hadn’t been there before.
My Little Guy
My T.V has weird channels, And I went crazy because of it.
We are in the middle of the fifth season and the spirits have arrived
The drug experiment (part 3)
My daddy likes to drink Kool-Aid
The Clears
‘Held’
Oh whistle, and I will come to you.
I work at a call center that services the recently deceased - 6/22/2020 (Part 1)
Gathering
I work for an organisation that captures paranormal "Subjects". I - The Angel and The Bats
I think I went to a purgatory or hell last night
Smashing Your Friends With Amy (That’s me!)
I was sent to find the cure for hunger in 1998
The Azerbaijan Experment
Wanna make your country a better place
If you live in the Houston area, there is a killer near you
I dared my friends to hunt me. We Tried to Find a Witch in the Cemetery, We Found Worse
Alien invasion!
World War 2 ghost
The thing in the mirror
He told me doing drugs would open my mind, he was right.(Part 2
My little sister’s new friend.
My Lucy (Part 1)
The sound from downstairs...
People need to stop looking for Saki Sanobashi, aka Go for a Punch. There's a damn good reason why it's gone.
He’s in the vents
Never Wave to the Traveling Man
I signed up for a gig to scatter ashes. I should have turned it down.
I’m a guardian angel, and I’ve done what I can.
The Leprechaun that I caught granted me one wish that I always wanted.Now I'm in deep trouble.
i keep hearing sounds.
The Dead Girl in My Yard Told the Most Awful Stories
Folk Song
Does the Moon Still Drip (Part 1)
The man that follows
The Beast With A Billion Back's Part 1
The Pine Barrens
I was offered $5,000 to participate in a medical study in which subjects are killed and revived to report findings of an afterlife. What I experienced will stay with me for the rest of my years.
We don't lie
I Found a Strange Diary in Our First Home -IV
Something is in the closet
The girl of my dreams became real
I followed my dad because I thought he was cheating on my mom, what I discovered was a whole lot worse.
My chemistry teacher is making me want to kill myself
Incident Report: Mannequin. April 3rd, 1953 – Feb 3rd, 2003
My nightmare became realize
A Letter by Errol Childers, Confederate Veteran
Infinite cum
Narrations
Creeper
Shut the door
5 CLASSIC HORROR FILMS YOU SHOULD WATCH
What is this old show?
Zoey is a good dog
This Mirror is giving off weird vibes
Disturbing CB broadcasts 1 - The People in the Ruins
Me And My Friend Tried Late Night Bowling (FINALE)
i heard noises outside, and now hes coming.
Memo:of
The Things I Don't Remember
My phone just turned itself on...
My Eternal Faith (Part 4)
Night Shift
I work at the office , and something really strange is going on .
Man proposes God disposes
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I think something bad is going to happen to a small town in South Dakota.
A dish best served cold.Freezing cold.
Something is happening in my small town and we need to figure out what before more people get hurt Part 2
I'm a private investigator who has strange cases pt2
Got a new roommate, I guess.
There are things that lurk in the ice and the snow
Welcome to Kingfisher Hill (Part 1)
The Way The World Ends
GOLDEN
Why New Orleans Has Above Ground Cemeteries
They will touch you with your worst fear.
New horror vtuber, looking for stories to narrate
Broken Arrows
Guy addicted to jacking off to Gore Videos!
Closing Deal - Convert Followers into Buyers
Maggots In My Mind
Buttercup
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word (Part 3)
My Best Friend Saw Bugs Under His Skin
I was taken to a mansion as part of a corporate bonding.
If you hear 3 knocks at 3am, hide!
Beach body
New intern, would appreciate some advice
Sometimes I Sing. Sometimes They Die.
this scarred me for life
My weird home tape obsession led me to discovering something really scary..
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong.
The Forbidden Feast
Somthing hit the house
There was a homeless man on my street who used to give prophecies for five dollars apiece. He told me how I die.
the indian doll
I watched a tape of my fourth birthday. Now my life is starting to crumble.
I finally saw what the shadow in the corner of my eye was
All I wanted was to take a nap.
The real reason my husband shot himself.
"I need air support!"
10 minutes to spend 5 minutes to die
My new house is great, but somethings off... (PART 2)
Journal of a Relic Hunter Part1
What I Inherited - Final Update
A dream unlike the ones before
I was recruited as an Explorer of Realities, and I think something is seriously wrong with that deer
Tales From the Other Side
CORIN
My Son Was Always Afraid of Fire. One Day, He Told Me Why.
RAVENTOWN: Part I
If You’re Reading This, Don’t Let Me Wake Up
Any good stories?
I almost died yesterday, but then I met the strangest person
Very very very horrifying
The Walkabout
(True story) of the worst life ever
Stuck on You
I am not sure if I should've told you this
Satan is a Computer
I’m Being Eaten To Death By An Infectious Flesh-Eating Creature
My Local Late Night News Station Wasn't Normal
Send Jerry Out
Let them kill you
It started with simple things. Now i think something is wrong
I learned a new coping mechanism and it works great!
I guess I'm dead now.
Someone was writing my work experiences into a creepypasta blog
Overnight camping: Week 4
Concerned about Change in Dog's Behavior
Outside in the rain
There are no Happy Endings on Christmas-- December 22nd
Killing Me Softly
He's a customer
My friend and I like to pretend to fight off monsters but little did we know that a real one was lurking nearby
I heard it through my computer.
The Bratsbury Sausage Fest
My Scary Repeating Situation.
I'm scared of my own delirium.
the mace is for stupid pepole
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (FINAL)
I find a plush on the edge of my roof window!
Me and my friends were attacked in the woods by something, sinister.
POW hell
At Cousin Hal's Bookstore, there's a backroom full of fucked up books. That's where I found a dog-eared copy of "How to Replace a Child."
What does my dream mean?
We all have our demons.
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part V
THE CASE OF CHAROLETTE MARIN (interactive case)
She screams every morning at 4am
Pit if Possibilty
Aisukyandi
/' dɔpllɡɛŋɐ / - Doppelgänger
SHATTERED
I'm investigating the case of some missing teenagers, I think a vampire is involved.
I'm never going on a solo road trip again.
Every night he cuts his face
I am a prostitude and I have seen some shit - Part 1
My husband gave me this necklace. And then strange things happened.
Tickled pink
For Science!
Wpspxkmdekskskwowpwlskwk
Has anyone else seen the mist?
I never knew I would be a killer...of course not, who would think that? PART 2
I thought this would be kind of sexy, but it turned out to be shitty
Something was in my room
The boy with the back tattoo
Something is messaging me on discord, and it isn’t human
I found tapes my Grandfather left behind, and I don't think anybody was supposed to find them.Overnight camping: Week 2
I leave my front door wide open at night.
My Family Ghost Story
Mrs jacobs
The Night Market
EdenYOU
I Survived The Bell Witch. Not Everyone In My Family Can Say The Same.
U/nonexistent
Tell Me What You Saw
My bestfriends have gone crazy and I'm the only ones who know about it
Replay Gladys Knight and Patti LaBelle’s Verzuz BattleAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Spill Your Guts
One large pie and a Coke please.
The Shimmering Glade ( Pt.1)
They were watching from the tree tops pt2
There’s an urban legend in London about a cursed karaoke song … I think it might be real
Bored
Entropy, death; Decay
None of Us
I work for a private ambulance company
Apricot Park was closed for a reason, I found out the hard way.
I work as a bodyguard for a mob boss.
I went on a hunting trip but the forest is talking to me
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away.
Simple life
Panic Room
SET APART
Wolves of Heaven
I hate being a wedding planner
The Phone Call Case
Hell Sense Letter
Compendium of Nightmares - Volume One: "The Lonely"
April Fools Never Sleep!
Mr E doesn’t speak much
Working as a police officer was the ideal job for me, but not anymore
I am a glacial researcher and what my team found in a mysterious tunnel in Iceland has left us questioning what we know about this world. .
A warning from a regretful time traveler
The Deal
Somethings on my side, and I really don’t want it.
The Devil Just Asked Me for Help Final Pt
The insanity of a lonely human
The Figure sat on the first row
Stories from a line cook, Ghandi beat the shit out of me.
Days after our wedding, her smile seemed to grow darker. PT 1
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 1)
If three boys try to sell you candy at Emeldahm Station, don’t talk to them.
The Little Girl in my Basement
I work for an Adventure Centre. We're used to strange goings-on here but last night we encountered something new (Part 1)
outdoor camping traveling goose down sleeping bag lightweight adult backpacking compression sleeping bag Sale
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Something horrible happened to my brother, and I think somebody's coming. somebody not from this world.
There is Something up with my Stepmom's Wine
This is a true event, and everything said is true. Most names will be changed for safety. Please forgive errors this is my first post as well.
Haunted discord call(?)
I hope people like this...
The Start of Something Beautiful (Part 1)
The Mysterious life of a cryptid hunter (part 2)
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. There's some weird parties happening here.
Something Took My Sister and I'm Afraid It's Coming For Me Next
If you hear a woman crying between 1 AM -4 AM, ignore it.
I finally found out what the tooth fairy has been doing with all my missing teeth.
Run
My little brother found something buried in our back garden. It's ruined my life.
My Encounter with a Skinned, the Mutilated Victims of Skin-Walkers
L'Appel du Vide
My name is Dakota Green, astronaut from year 2028, it's 2042 and Earth is gone.
I went to investigate a cursed cemetery
The school at night
If You Hear A Baby Crying in the Woods, Don't Follow It Pictures Included
Thanksgiving before Halloween
Disturbed patient pt.2
The Miller Tapes
No ghost but a monster
My mother has been acting strange ever since she returned from her cruise to Mexico...
Don't let them in...
There’s a hole in my childhood and I don’t know why... p2
The Ghost Tree. Final Part.
My last mushroom trip
I went kayaking with my friend along the coast of Catalina Island. I haven't seen him since.
Absolution in Darkness
Granny
I'm an Evil Doll, But I'm Not the Problem- Parr 2
The End Of All Things - Chapter 3: As Above, So Below
Missing Persons
Drug addict life story. Probably my last post.
Internet warned us and we did nothing.A Nightmare of Grasshoppers (Part 2)
I've been reliving the same day
That Person Does Not Exist
Titles, an excerpt of law pt 1: the Lord of bones
Accounts from a Freelance Cryptid Hunter (Part 1)
You can find infinite bliss at the center of Reverie Wood. But you must follow these rules in order to get there.
Something terrifying happened to me on a coach bus
I have been pregnant for 3 years. Part 2
The black eyed children
Don't close after midnight
Autobiography
I always forget things in my car when I get home from work. I can’t go back out for them when it’s dark anymore. (11/23/19)
I have insomnia depression and the flu
A Barber knows his blade
It's true story! I really need help! Creature from another world is trying to kill me!
There’s something in the moonshine
The Fight With Schizophrenia And Dissociative Identity Disorder
Here's why coca-cola has the names on the bottles
Does this happen to other people or just me?
(Paranormal Experience) The Ghost Girl in my living room, true story.
Ran into a clean, calm, well-dressed man holding a gas mask deep in the Appalachian wild.
A mortician’s job is never done
My Dog is not acting himself and its getting creepy
Last night my neighborhood's temperature dropped, now I know why
I Wake Up to the Annoying Drone of a Lawnmower
The Burden: Cabinview
The Wandering Wraith of Wadgaon.
The time I got a 3ds
Does anyone else remember “Happy Fun Time” daycare?
This is the first horror story I've written, so I'd be thankful for some support!
I woke up this morning without my hiking boots on. I will be dead within 36 hours.
Hey guys! Can y’all give me hand, new narrator here!
I got a video game from the future Grand Theft Auto 6
Spirit / ghost movies
EJstalkerRZ creepy Pasta "DONT GO OUT AFTER 6:00 ON A SATURDAY"
Island Spirits
Elevator Game: Stuck in Place (Part 7)
I Think I Might Be A Sensitive (I saw fucked up shit as a kid)
Lonely Lilian Kenna
I was born 40 years late, then killed at 18. Here's the rest.
The Satanists were some what right....
Sleep that grips you
The succ
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think (part 2)
HELP! Need advice on sleep paralysis.
Ghost of Killer Kid
Taxi Passengers: The Old Couple
The Sirens Won't Stop. It's Been 24 Hours.
My doorbell rang at 3AM. Twice.
I witnessed the end alongside a floating brain
art IMITATES life - Second Half
Hell is other hikers | part 2
I'm A Security Guard For A Haunted House (Part 3)
My ex-boyfriend thought he killed him, I killed him instead
Doppelganger
Silent Clown
He was in the shed...
What the hell was on that trail camera?
The Resting Room of Kiddie Paradise
Searching
I moved to a trailer in the country, I think the land is used by a cult or something worse UPDATE
Dont let the dolls hear you
Gloves on a Twinkie
The Woman In The Corner
In a world recovering from an epidemic, a collector is trying to find old books and movies to restore humanity's knowledge
I Forgive You.
I nearly died and honestly I’m convinced I did
I left my Mom alone on her deathbed.
A girl named Georgia
The man in the window
Cemetery House
sleepless night in the woods
A Murderous Surgeon
None of this is real
Sleep paralysis family apartment
Moon Lily
I Changed My Husband, And I Don't Know at What Cost
The Empty Rooms
My phone takes pictures of the afterlife. They want to tell me something.
My gums stopped itching.. But now I'm dealing with something much worse..
I will always love you.
A Conversation with a Stranger on the Bus
I Think Johnny Depp Has Been Sitting In a Tree Watching Me
When I was 9 or 10 years old a man called and said he had kidnapped my mom. This was before caller ID and I still can’t understand why he did it.
Electric Impulses and Contagious Thoughts
I Fell In Love With A Psychopath
I fly fighter jets, but not against the average opponents
I'm Scared
Why is it so Hard to Forget and Move On?
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 1)
My friend's skinwalker story
The Book of Autonomancy: Psychological Report (Part 14)
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 6)
My sweatshirt blocked my door so I thought of this
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - final part
I Keep Running into a Player in Offline Games
Belonging
I lost my cat in an old house
Eerie Window
The Day the Sun didn’t Rise
I started an overnight job
The Nut House
The Creation Of Life Is Beautiful
Mirror, Mirror.
The Snow on Corpus
Lockdown
There are Eyes in the Trees
GROW YOUR YOU TUBE CHANNEL
The Clinomaniac
I have the ability to control other people's bodies. Yesterday, I used my power on myself.
Everybody is gone, and I'm the last person on Earth. Supposedly. (Part 1)
Here is the entire plot of the story in the title. You don't need to read anything. Part 1
My Father was Killed by a Cult . . . I Hunted them Down. Final Part.
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Greed of the Firstborn
The crash wasn't the scariest part of the accident (Part 2)
an EAS alert is telling us not to listen to the wind...
Creepy Phone Numbers
universal basic income
My Encounters with the Strange
The Miracle
Incubus is Inevitable
I forgot but then realized what happend. BTW my first story.
Addict
15 Minutes
The Reckoning - A Covid-19 origin story
Something strange is happening in the mall by my house.. and it all started with Pokémon Go...(PT 1)
New Horror Anthology Series Based On Your Favorite NoSleep Stories
The Bell ringer
I Found The Most Realistic Sex Toy
My Friend's Guestroom is Haunted and we Fon't Know what to do
I got 99 pot plants but a birch ain’t one.
I Can't Find My Friend
My fiancé, the alien:
Breathless Bonnie
Cocaine Cocaine Cocaine Cocaine
While all of them thought that schools before are graveyards but ours is hospital.
10 Days in Isolation
The THING
A Documentation of the Weird Events in my Corner Store (Pt. 2)
human parts
File 1
It was supposed to be a simple surgery
I Sent Nudes and it Ruined My Life
All my life a choir has sang at the most important moments in my life. Lately, their tune has grown sinister.
The Bathroom
Maybe Dreams Can Come True...
"The Untitled Document" Down the Ladder. Entry Two.
Session 01 (What Do You Hate The Most?)
This video contains another paid advertisement
The Mirrormen crossed over 762 days ago and now my reality is crashing down around me.
The Case That Keeps Me Up at Night, Part 3: When the Missing Aren't Missed
I keep having dreams about future events
I saw something in the waves. I hope I was dreaming..
ZoZo is Becom-in-g
Whatever You Do, Don't Sit on the Chair in Front of the Fireplace
I was secretly at my brothers 2nd birthday party but I'm not born yet and is 2 years younger than my brother
My first Night at the factory (pt1/?) (RULES OF THE FIRST NIGHT)
Kashiwazaki, Japan. (Fraction1)
How Being Threatened With Murder By A Native Elder Helped Me To Figure Out How Texas Teens Are Telepathically Communicating: A Psychedelic Horror Detective Field Report. (Part 2)
Snow (Part 1)
Pets have been going missing in our neighborhood...
He was in my room
The Wolf Child
Camera Girl: My Confession
I ordered a product from an infomercial. After it arrived, I found a disturbing letter inside.  FINAL
The sundayI only saw a man three times in my life, and I pray that I never see him again.
I glimpsed into the dark
In normal circumstances, people choose calling me a "fat guy".
I sleep under my bed
We stayed overnight at the most haunted hotel in England...
I Disappear the same week every Year, and I’m scared to death of where I go
I think something is trying to kill me in my sleep.
Darkness Beckons Unto It - Once, Now Not So.
Do Not Go into the Woods at Night!
The Unsettling Case of Daisy Lenore: A Chart Review (Part 3)
The Devil's Creek Incident
My sister Hana
Why I Quit NoSleep
A brief exercise in theoretical mathematics
Something strange is going on at my new apartment (Part 1)
I'm an inmate in a federal prison. Here's my story.
Tiny Hands in my Mouth
Something's different
I Was Reckless To Impress Her... Now She Won't Talk To Me.
I think my girlfriend's mother is in a cult.
Every Night In Your Bedroom. I WARN YOU (kinda freaked me while writing it) Take it seriously though
My dads story
My garden grows people
questions to a broken lifetime
I'm Beginning to Think This Urban Legend Podcast is About Me
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Damnit, Debbie.
Hunger
Winning the Lottery
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Roommate
Footsteps and dead family members
Don't Look at the House if it's Looking Back
Something terrible has happened to my family, and I think my son's imaginary friend has something to do with it
The Temptress
The Jail in Our Town are Built for Something
I own a pig farm and pigs from our town disappears every night
My Teacher Is An It Part 3
My Savior
i saw him
I worked as a park ranger for a haunted forest but nothing like this has ever happened...
I played video-games with a "child" from The Third Reich
A Trip To The Beach
Does anyone know how to get eggs out of your ear?
Have you experienced a bizarre and inexplicable event? You're not alone!
I Tried to Rob the Devil
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 11
The thing next to me is not my brother
The Camp (Part 1)
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; these kids are really starting to make me uncomfortable
Is there a nosleep story index?
We can kill the time like bittersweet lullabies
They’re real and they’re PISSED.Paul &amp; Will
(My first one) Just seeing things...
Beckworth House - Part 2
Joy
Why do I keep getting these looks?
I worked at an abnormal sleep lab in college. These are my notes. Part: Subject B
By the Seashore
Timecheck: 12:58 am PhST and i want to sleep.
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves
A message from an old friend/ My reoccurring dream
Rock Bottom
Send help.
The Billy
Hi my name is Steven A. Joyce and I'm a journalist of the strange and sometimes unexplainable happenings others and myself experience
There's a woman beneath my floorboards, I think she's hungry.
When the Trains Stop
Burning hungerBeyond this reality: My four stronger and more inexplicable experiences
I started working at a hospital. Today I found a list of rules.
I think a nightmare I had damned me to hell
Looking for an old story I listened to
The Power Of Perception
Oh god. Oh god no.
My GFs Mother
Jonathan's Nightmare V.1: The Arachnid
Today is the beginning of the fifth season and at precisely 11 past 11 something terrible will happen in my town
A warning and an apology for what I have done, and what I have yet to do.
My Name Is Travis Smith. I Know Every Answer To Any Problem. This Is An Advertisment.
I'm stuck in my personal hell
Somethings Been Trying To Kill My Patients, I Think I Found It.
Windows
My program at the university has a strange set of rules that we students must follow
We vile few 8 Bill.
A Terrifying Flight
I finally found out what war Mr. Krabs fought in, and now I can't rest
My Nightmares Show Me My Past, and I Think They're Bound to Happen Later On
Dessert is a Killer
The rainbow
My son went missing last summer. The kid the police gave me is not my son.
Weird phone call.
Im supposed to be 21 but I'm 19
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. Now I can't escape PART 3
Traveler
I was followed home; a DVD was sent to me the next morning
Something Pulled my Feet
I Found a Copy of ET the Extra-Terrestrial for Atari
A babysitter just died once again, but the rules are not that hard to follow !
I always dreamt lucidly.
That Thing from the Ocean
Have you seen my girl? Part 2
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block- Part Five
The Depraved (Part 1)
The Piece Called "Facing Terror".
Something is coming for me
I am a History Teacher in England - I’ve seen some weird things Part II
I was the security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest still has eyes
I Went To A Weird Pumpkin Patch
New Dealers
I think I’ve found the miracle cure for acne…
Hydraulic
Yesterday I found a glowing portal in my bathroom. Today I'm lost.
I loved my Girlfriend but...
Il Signore di Scungilli (The Scungilli Man)
What to do at a motel for a month?
What's scarier?
My first and last visit to Kirby Road.
I used to work at an amusement park. Here’s one of my stories
My first post on this subreddit! Wrote this ages ago, hope you enjoy! (WARNING: CONTAINS BLOOD)
I Took a Train Ride to Hell
Eloise: Part 1
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown - Part 2
I work at a hospital that can wake comatose patients by injection, but there is horrifying consequences
I Was 16 When It Started Visiting Me
A dying man’s last wish.
We Used to Think my Son was Recounting a Past Life, but Now I Know Better
I don't have much time right now i'm bleeding out
It's better this way, right?
Death is a place
I’ve developed a new talent and now things won’t stop escalating.
The twisted girl (fiction)
The Black Silo Part 2
Ever Since The House Next Door Was Boarded Up, I Hear Noises In The Loft At Night
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 9
I fell asleep during an MRI and I think something happened to me while I was in there
Creepy woman on the Fourth Of July
My country was part of a botched experiment, the company that conducted it wants to kill me but I will expose them before they can kill me. (Part 1)
i shouldn't have moved away
The Glasgow Effect
You should really only take drugs if you're prepared to....
My friends went missing when I was six. UPDATE
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (Part One)
Something's happening to a display animal on our park's safari trail (pt. 1)
Someone left their wallet on the train during my daily commute. What I found inside chilled me to the bone.
The memory of what my baby girl did still haunts my dreams.
A Trip Through Childhood and the Tree
A Most Heinous Creature
How I Escaped Death (Part 3)
The man behind the blinds
Friend outside the window.
SuperMarket Memoirs 13: Scrambled
I don't want to call the police
Just don't do like me
My friend and I pranked a homicidal maniac (Part 1)
The Angel on the Shore
I'm in a train and there's a serial rapist and killer next to me
It wasn't my fault
The disappearances in Lothny Creek.
My experience as a Disneyland after-hours janitor. Part 1
ATTENTION. THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS REPORT
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
The door to my storage room has 2 handles (Part 1)
Seriously tho
Tales from the man with cold hands: Afternoon Drive
The Woman in the Mirror is Not Me
The hospital I started to work at has a 100% success rate (Part 2)
WIN OR DIE
Amantes del terror de Reddit, ¿cuál fue la creepypasta, leyenda o historia en general que más los traumó o Shockeó?
I was sitting in my bed,motionless,and felt all of my soul,emotions and thoughts leaving my body as my skin turned ghost white and my eyes slowly fading into a deep sleep I didn't know exactly what was happening to me, no one ever did
I watch the same movie every night
The Porcine Horror - 1st part
I couldn’t see it, but it could see me
Leviathan (2/2)
A dream that you have always vividly remembered?
She ran with the wolves
Haunted Ottawa jail hostel
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In the Mail (Part 2)
My wife asked me to do the impossible, and I'm afraid it might just be the end of us.
The Devil’s Bowl
The Pianist
My lonely cat
If you ever visit Vhaz Bazaar, stay away from Omarsk's Eatery AT ANY COST
Into the Trees Pt2: See Into the Dark
Camp Wanahee
case 2951 part 1
I Bring My Daughter To The Graveyard
I’m a teacher and some of my children aren’t what they seem.
My terrifying incounter
Sleep Paralysis
Ground
Don't trust your hairdresser, she may just be a witch.
I think my dog has been replaced...
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 2
Black Eyed Children (Part 2 if this doesn't completely fail)
If you find a dollar bill with a stick figure drawing and a phone number next to it, do not call the number.
True story of one of my first 911 calls
He lived in a pineapple under the sea
I cant sleep and its getting warmer
The Cracked Faces (true story)
Something Nearly Killed Me in the Judean Mountains
Mystical Trash ch3Pine Needles
Please help. I'm thinking about breaking into Area 51.
I’m looking for a specific story/series
The price we payed..........
I am hunted by a hitman (Part 2)
can you immagine if an engineer uses psychology applicated on physics?
THE SACRIFICEA new drug appeared in my homeless community, and I think it’s making people eat themselves..(FINAL)
The Cartoon God Incident
My team and I raided an old building that should not exist. What we found inside should have been forgotten forever
Mermaids Aren't What You Think They Are
Should You Use Marijuana as a Sleep Aid or Not?
Room 1813: Solitude
I’ve gone to the lake house every summer, this time something is different and very, very wrong.
Underneath The Old Hotel
I wake up somewhere near my house this time I woke up in my bed and I'm worried
Any Suggestions?
Something weird is happening to my Friend.
The same old room
BWEMRLS
The way the wind blows
Walnut Gap Burial Grounds
Urban Legend: The Girl on the Security Camera
2 kinda creepy and real stories.
I'm a hoarder, and I found this weird cat in a pile of books.
My Haunted House
There is a ghost at my school.
My close friend summoned a demon for his sex tape
From the swamp, pt 2
We moved into a true house of horrors and it won't let us leave (Part2 )
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- I got a letter from The Shopkeeper (Part 9)
Something was Raiding My Mom's Garden. Dad Thought it was Rabbits. It wasn't.
The Sleep Experiment (Part 4)
The almost human creature I saw
Strawberry Syrup
A Whisper in Winter
Gohst stroy (part 1 of 47)
House in the woods (True Story - my experience)The ghost dice game
I'm A Suicide Survivor, My World Is Turning Upside Down
The Mud Men of Papua New Guinea Pt 1/2
There is nothing special about my boring life
Father
The Dreams I have
My friends and I found a mysterious building in the middle of the woods. We should have never gone out there.
Gift
Always watching me, Part two.
On open house day at our new college, my friend Diana fell through the floor and saw something indescribable. I don’t think I’m safe.
PLEASE READ URGENT VIRUS WARNING
An Instagrammer Shared Her "Rules of the Road" Story With Me. It Still Haunts Me.
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules has appeared that I must follow forever. Part 2.
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But Now I Don’t Think I Have A Choice.
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART EIGHT (8)
Autumn Air
I just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in my granddaughter’s bedroom
I went to a metal concert, but then the mosh pit turned deadly
His Drool Feels Like Sadness
It's coming
I took an after hours janitor position at a nursery school. I lasted a week.
How the Rift opened in Montana - I'm an attack helicopter pilot
I regret moving to Alaska (1)
Apparition
I hate mirrors
My hometown county is absolutely fucked up, and everyone turns a blind eye to it
I work for a celebrity that doesn't exist.
It all begins
Getting to know Nil
I Think There's Something Wrong With The Night Tour Guide (update)
The End.
I'm either going crazy, or my house may be haunted.
The Missing Five part 3 of 4: Where Are You Going?
It disguised itself as me and my friends had no idea
Paranormal Experience I had in 2011
AVICHI I
The Unknown Woman in The White Saree
Psychosis JournalismI think I have a cult or cartel in the back shrubland of my ranch in south texas
I met my dead wife.
My Brother's Secret
Absorb
It's funny right no it isn't it's just join me at this app it's not funny we actually shoot I know everything is going on I'll tell you
We are color-coded at birth
Vis-à-Vis
Asylum
The Early Train
I think I have a Guardian
If you ever get a chance to explore an abandoned school, whatever you do, don’t feed the students.
I Am A Super Human, And So Are You
Fred's Affordable Services
My Debt isn’t paid with Coins, but the Devil saw fit in giving me a Monster to help with that
Insidious
See No Evil
Sentient
Insomnia- cant sleep or get up at when I’m supposed to
Lump in my Throat
Currently enjoying this one over on Spotify
I discovered a radio show for a town that doesn't exist. (Ep 3)
Don't stop reading, they're coming
Death by the river
Who’s up right now? 12:18 here xx
Crickets
SuperMarket Memoirs 21: Special Bulletin
I get impulses to kill people. Get it out Now!
I worked in a sub-sea tunnel as a waterproof installer. I think we found something not meant for this world.
A peculiar day at work.
The last night we ever played games in the dark
Chuyên bán Cần gạt barie, cổng barie tự động, cổng inox tự động, cổng xếp inox- đồng nai- hcm- vũng tàu
For many centuries my family has fought against The Squatch. Now its my turn.
Not for profit debt forgiveness
Fix
The Face
Gaia's Womb
I worked as a miner for Five days, I found something horrifying...
I'm becoming something... unnatural.
I’ve been trapped in an abandoned hospital for years, and I won’t get out anytime soon.
Copper sand
There’s Literally Nothing Outside my Window
I will die soon
I had a childhood friend who lived under my bed and always came out to play when my dad went to work.
Ghost Town
Home alone? Apparently not.
I have been pregnant for 3 years. Part 1
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 11)
An Unusual Occurrence; Part One
I've got a second job "leasing" my mind while I sleep. My last assignment ruined my life.
The Scary Hog Farm...😱
Why weren’t the motion lights turning on? Why were his eyes like that?
Afraid of the Dark
I probably had a rapist for a cab driver last night. But I lived to tell the tale.
My friend gave me a voodoo doll that heals people. The healing comes at a price.
I worked for a secret space program. We’ve been tasked to go to the moon
I Received A Letter From Myself (Part 2)
I took a sacred vow the day I married my wife.
I'm afraid they will go missing again
It won't leave me alone
The Blu-Ray Disc I wish I never saw (Part 2)
Carefull with the middle ways
Rosewood State School for Orphaned Children. Part 1.
I have started hunting humans and monsters again.
Under the black sun
This isn't Emily
If your child tells you they see something in your backyard, please listen to them.
Teddy???why?
I'm A Medical Examiner And My Latest Patient Was Already Dead Before.
A little village
HOUSEHOLD RULES
VHS tape
I've lived in some haunted houses
The Minotaur's Labyrinth (Part 1)
I found this strange Reddit community, does any one know about it... And if what it says is true then something terrible is coming my way
My Grandmother Used to Keep Me In the Pantry
My family moved to our new house 4 years ago but this only happened during the pandemic.
The angel statue
Why am I seeing things? What’s happening to me
Are you a fan of 'cannibal' ?
My hunted life part 1.
The Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline has declared bankruptcy
It was in the walls.
My first year at university
Keeper of the necronomicon
July 2020 Winners!
The Lost Year In Time
It won’t stop growing.
There's something wrong with the sheep
Warning: Please Don't Play Phasmophobia
People have been going missing lately...
An open letter to the wonderful Nosleep community
I still work at a fro-yo store.
I have a SNES game that doesn't exist.
Sunshine Motel- Part 2 (An Update)
Notes part one
The Jar, the Dried Finger, and the Legend of Syzmon Lukaszewski
The Burrowing Man'Low fuel in tank', the warning read,
There's A Dead Girl on Snapchat: Hit &amp; Run
Me and my friends are stuck in the woods, and there’s a tall figure with claws after us...(Part 2)
A Few Oddities of Eric Clemons, Memorial Branch, Public Library.
The ghost that used to appear in my house every night.
My uncle used to own a farm. I wish I’d never set foot in that place.
If you go down to the woods
The clock lady
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART FIVE
My Daughter is A Doll... {Part One}
Ass Gas Monster
The mystery man who’s entire existence is shrouded in mystery
Help! Missing Village
I Work At A Place Where People Come To Die. They Just Don't Always Know It.
Miss Cleo Pulled the Death Card
I lost my best friend at an abandoned farm
Eight feet tall (part 1)
I was Born Blind, But in my Dreams I can See. I just Want it to Stop.
Don’t play in the run down arcade (sorry if the stories bad)
Room 101
The Book of Autonomancy: Meditations on the Skullfuck Ritual (Part 6)
My Personal Collection of Asylum Letters: I Have Come to the Age When My Father Died
Hold your burning hand in mine.
The screaming won’t stop
Starting a Narration YT Channel
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady
I no longer feel so alone knowing that I am not the only existing person who can see the spirit world.
Life and Death in the Capital Wasteland
The Snow In Summer
My wife won’t stop mothering a babydoll...
The Scream in the Woods
It Pulls You Down
There's This Painting...
The place I'm from suddenly doesn't exist
I got the most terryfying phone call, the police is still trying to identify the caller but cannot.
I've been signed up for the weirdest camp in the world
My Little Girl Locked Herself in the Bathroom
Deal Of a Lifetime
A horror story I wrote when I was nine
The case I was on had 718 disappearances linked to it. (Part 1)
The train I'm on hasn't stopped driving for 19 days.
Shame on me.
Don’t take the elevator down to B3
In the forests of Canada lurks a monster. Our camping group was unfortunate enough to become its prey.
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. I just had a night I will never forget (Part 5)
The campfire
Falling into insanity pt 1 don't tell me to calm down
A SMILE IN THE DARK
Music box
They locked me in a room after the found the truth. They should have left me there. They should have remembered.
When Time Goes Backwards, Its all Because Of The Monster.
it is and
We bought pills on the Dark Web. We had no idea they were this addictive.
The window
My Name Is The Story Teller. This Is The First Story From My Free Trial.
Don't Listen to the Little Shadow Girl
Kill Me Twice (Part 2)
The kid on Lokus St (part 1)Out of the Pines
O DEA TENEBRIS (VAMPIRES)
I have an "eyelash" in my right eye that won't come out. Time to visit the shama... doctor, I mean. (Part 2)
Freaky dream
Neighbors acting strange
6 Years of Dreams.
There's something wrong with site Zulu.
I work at a China mall, but some thing's wrong with the mannequins.
The Window is Right There305954404
One day while I was stoking my...
Branches
Our Garden
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota
She's gone
The night the ringing stopped
WITCH FINDER
The Burned Photo
The book of wishes
I saw my granny’s dead mother
My Last Call
The Halloween Statue.
Seeking a story I once read.
The Talk-To-All Ritual
It Wore My Brother's Skin
Pilot or Pilot Unknown
Scary Classic B Movie Trailer Compilation part 1
I was walking home and dozens of seemingly unrelated strangers were making noises and doing unnatural things to purposefully make me go literally insane. What happened?
Someone stole my body, but I’m no longer alone.
Trees that speak
Apple TV+ เปิดให้บริการแล้ว /YOULIKEBET
The Cost of Living
I inherited a Wild West model town. I can't believe what my mother told me.
My dad took my brother and me out to the woods to bury a body -- (Coin Toss) -- Part 1
Old St.Nick
My Grandfather and the Monster Beneath Iwo Jima
I rehabilitate abused dogs and I killed two police officers.
SOVINALIA (Part one)
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 9
Dried blood (pt. 1)
The Corpus Arcade- Dance Dance Die
I work in a Call Center something odd happened
Grave Digger
There’s a weird guy outside my house and I’m so scared
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. | Part 5 | Final |
Nồi nấu phở tủ điện rời TD-150L
My town has an old nursery rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. We know now they are watching.
Grandfather Clock of Duality
My parents were the most notorious ‘child predator catchers’ in the US
It’s here
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened...Yet (Pt. 1)
NoSleep interview featuring tjaylea!
Wake Me Up &amp; Make These Nightmares End!
Broke up with wife, started getting spiritual, my body was taken over by a spirit or something. This happened 8 years ago. Shit.
I had this dream..I don’t know what it means.
My friend and I broke into an abandoned house, and everyone should be warned about what we found inside.
Something terrifying happened 65 years ago and I haven't told anybody
There's This Painting... 2
I Fancied Using Glass Windows as Mirrors Until
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: My husband got a new tattoo
I used to clean a haunted theater
My Grandmother Returned Home From Her Own Funeral
i think i need help
Fingers Beneath the Skin
I used to complain about having no purpose. I can't anymore.
Time Travel Sucks
Don't pick up strangers 2
My father left me a box of VHS tapes. Things are much worse than I thought. (Part 2)
I picked up a girl on the late night drive home, and i don't think she's alone.
A Sworn Purpose
A ritual with Xinefra can change you in either a good way or a horrible way
Shadow Man
Are you for serious? Infinite jackets? Huh?
I can't scream, I can't feel, my only companion is the darkness.
Imaginary Friend
Visitors of the night
The Used To Be: A horror poem
Hi Everyone, Just a quick story about a journey I am having right now and it amazing.
My cabin is near a mental hospital. I hear strange voices at night.
The room on the 6th floor
I’ve been playing games online with the Oculus VR, but last night something terrible happened during a party session
Year 2189, generation 8
Left Forgotten
ORDER A DICK ™
The Town with the Clowns and the TV Head Man
PROPER Stories #3: The Art of the Ritual
The Disappearance of Ida Harding Final
What are the odds?
Im stuck in the forest... and i dont know how long ive been here (pt 1.)
I'm a Boy Scout... Well, I used to be one.
I have flashback dreams that aren't mine.
Repressing your feeling won't do you any good.
Niks vir Niks
My daughter was murdered in a dream. I saw her murderer in real life.
The Shadowman
I was beyond scared after reading my daughter’s letter to Santa
Don't ever "Annie Leibovitz" (My Family Ghost Story)
My spooky new job from the deep web has some spooky rules. I’m afraid that I broke one of them.
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (part three)
About Daniel Part 4
When Boy Meets Girl
The Yule Lads Diary (Part 3)
The babysitters weren't the only visitors that night...
A weird dream I had in my old house almost every night.
Visitor
Awesiaki: The Bloodletter's Letters
When i was 14 years old, my father gave me something.
My husband would never let me look and him, now I wish I didn't know why.
Went in to get my wisdom teeth out, left with fresh trauma
Something Is Watching Me From the Woods (Part 1)
I Might Be A Murderer
My mom summoned a demon to possess me when I was a kid. Now I'm having visions of people dying.
People around me are being replaced
This is how I become you
I Heard My Own Voice On Spotify, Something Terrible Is Going To Happen
Karma seems to be real
Black Out pt 902
HELP EVERY NIGHT THERE IS A MAN OUTSIDE MY WINDOW STARING AT ME
Stories from a line cook, fresh meat.
Never Talk to Yourself in a Dream
The Morning Hug
DepressionI'm A Sheriff In A Small Town That Ain't Quite Right- Part 2- A Screamin In The Cupboards
I’m either talking to myself some kind of ghost and I’m not sure what it is anymore.
Senescence
Don't Trust Anyone Here
So my girlfriend just got a really strange call?
Transcript #75656729 - Rampage Incident
The Man in the Closet
That's right.
Please stop creating new rules we're running out of them
Cowboy Of Desire
Abandoned, Desolate and Melancholy.
I found an odd shop in the woods. There's something strange about its owner.
Today is a weird day.
My Friend Is Loosing His Mind, And I Can't Help Anymore...
The smell of cigarettes always reminds me of my dad
The Old Man with the Burlap sack
Henry's Deformity
Need Urgent Advise
I have a ghost story from a waterpark in Costa Rica
A high school reunion.
Big guns
Blackwater
The little girl who came into my dreams..
Leadership disputes.
the Savages: has a horror short story
help me out
The Haunted Treasure of Starfalls Manor
If you hear twelve drummers drumming late at night in the town of Angel Hills. Make sure you lock your doors.
My brother tried to summon a demon
The Tall Couple
Don’t get the pool water get in your mouth
This recurring nightmare is giving me insomnia
The Hunted (Part 2)
In her room.
Rich dad poor dad
My terrefying encounter while exploring an abandoned asylum
Heart Shaped Box
Fatal OS Error
I'm an amateur videographer, and I shouldn't have accepted an unusual gig.
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 3
Don't open future dated emails promising money. December 12th.
I am not alone when playing VR
My Haunting Nightmares (nsfw)
False History.
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 1)Please Wake Up
My name is oscar predare and i can see death
My Imaginary Friends
Not sure
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 3)(Final!)
Christmas came early this year
Apple might Offer Audio Versions of News+ Stories - 24TO7Mac
There is a Private Airline that hosts horror events only on a Full Moon. The flightplan for Halloween was a Nightmare unlike any imaginable.
There's a man at the end of Castle Drive who wants to hurt you
18 Hours
Every time we do acid, my girlfriend sees shadow people. Last weekend she introduced me to them. (1/2)
Solitary Child
Scorpion Sting
The Greatest Man Who Never Lived
I think my cat got bit by a vampire and is turning into one (Part 2) Trigger Warning: Self Harm
I've Been Trapped in a Hospital for Months.
A Leap From Reality-A Backrooms Horror Story
Something in a Mascot Suit Hijacked My TV
Creepy things seem to be happening to me
Don’t Tell A Soul
The Ghost of the Highway Chair
I've Been Having Weekly Premonitions
Streaming services are destroying my friend's mind.
The Man In My Bedroom Window
dont drink the water FINAL
There's a man outside my window
I think my therapy patient has made ME need therapy
I'm an ex urban explorer, this time I got more than I bargained for,
I'm 25 and i NEVER forget what happened at 11. EVER.
Someone is knocking at my open door
Scary little girl
I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement
I was an officer called to the scene of a homicide. Something weird happened, and I'm back to tell more. (Part 2)
My Twisted Fate
Am I Going Crazy Because of My Job?
I can see through the eye they took from me.
the Nomad
And when he woke up in the morning...
Don’t fall asleep
Not All Urban Legends Are Fake
Ghoul in Building 301
My girlfriend finally had the courage to introduce me to her friends
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six F Ghost Hunt Section
The Door At The Edge Of The Universe Part 1
My husband doesn't exist anymore.
Eyelids
Inhuman Monster
"backrooms, shortcuts, nocliping, it's all the same to us"
I'm An Inmate At San Quentin. I Think Pennywise The Clown Might Kill Me Soon.
I think my old house was haunted....
What Awaits
Solar at SummersetStuck in a room with ur greatest fear, wdyd?
I miss not having dreams (Continuation/Update to I basically never dream)
A Writing Exercise
There's a Refrigerator in the Forest
Every 24 hours I am forced into another zip code
My new neighbors keep trying to kill me
Descent 2: The Thiefbot
We played the forbidden board game and now I'm pregnant
I lost all of my friends to a storm.
I think I had talked to ghost when I was younger....
The Hummer
I've received my Mandate
My sister
That hideous smell..
A Note from John Harris, Survivor of the RMS Titanic
Today was supposed to be June 1, 2020, but I woke up in January 1, 2019...
Armin, My Friend
Uncle Tommy
Never Go Down Stairs At 3:00 am This Is Why
My childhood nightmare
I met a girl in the Japanese suicide forest i think she fallowed me home and is trying to kill me
We lost two hours in the blink of an eye?
Walking Flesh
I work as a real estate agent for a company called LiveBetter. The apartments we sell have something wrong with them.
I fight Ancient being and i have some stories (Part 2,2)
Out of the Pines
I Worked in an Underground Disease Research facility, we let out Something Horrifying
I was Assigned to a U.S. Submarine Tasked with Recovering a Crashed UFO
10 Years ago I survived an airplane crash. What I saw there scarred me for the rest of my life - Day 1
There is something.
To my Neighbor
What happens when the universe is born (Part 2)
Tristan and the Grove
for those who would like to know about the forest of which the member of the SAR spoke
The plane I’ve been on has been missing for 20 years
Haunted Call Center
Never make eye contact with the creature in the background of your nude photos.
Something is just not right.
They won’t stop looking in
Sacramento’s Secret
I didn't like our local thrift store as a kid
I found an alternate universe, and experimented.I finally understood what the voice in my head wanted. It wasn't pretty.....
My school got shot up and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember- UPDATE
Immortality, or The Trumpist Agenda Part 1
Retribution
Just another day in the ghetto
The Umbrella Room
The death of Humanity. 2000 was the start of the end.
My real story..
My daughter is scared of the monster under her bed. So am I.
My husband and I bought a couch from Craigslist, but the box is now being investigated by the CDC.
It Wasn't a Deer.
My friend and I snuck out at night to visit the park. I wish we hadn't done that.
When an obsession goes too far.
I moved into this house about 10 years ago. Things have been kinda weird from the very beginning but lately I'm beginning to get scared for the first time.
Always watch out on the night of January 5th, since the Devil may be waiting to take your soul
Is Martha there?
My Wife and I went on a Cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive.
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 2)
Mr guy, don’t even sleep. Don’t talk number 2.
A Meteor Crashed Outside My House. Whatever is Inside of It Is Still Alive.
Wolly
Waiting for the bus stop
Me and my sister saw the same shadow person in my room
Don’t look into mirrors at night.
Do Not Respond to Jake 18
Schoolhouse Horror
Days Gone By: A Memoir Of The Apocalypse
Something used to live in my grandmother's closet. I still don't know what he was.
People in my city are disappearing. Part 3
Martin is Missing (Part 3)
I’ve been to the end of the rainbow. It’s not what people think.
The Monsters in The Woods (PART 5) END
Still Haven't Slept
Someone is watching me em gnihctaw si enoemos
Souls-like: Last Cycle
Being a good sport (A story about my used Wii)
Herobrine is Real
Finding the Lantern Man Story
I see the same man in my nightmares. Again and again. Does anyone recognise his face?
something terrifying lives under my bed
The Fall That Paranoied The Town (PART 1)
I watched madness spread its dark wings and descend on my Discord server
LINDA - INSANELY SCARY STORY
Penn’s Party Park
Nude Friends Images
I lived in a town that shouldn’t exist.
The Ordinary People (Part 2)
My loved ones keep dying and coming back like nothing ever happened
Very Itchy PLEASE HELP!!!
Instead of going to college I'm working with cryptids- A date with a succubus and more (part 2)
There's Nothing To Worry About At Maingrounds Elementary School.
I'm hiding in a closet- I don't think I'm going to survive.
Something entered the ISS and I don’t know what to do
Playground
I Downloaded an App to Track my Sleep, What it Recorded has me Afraid to Sleep Ever Again.
The no faced guy
Donborough Creek Pt.2
An Actual Sociopath I Worked With During My Time as a Social Worker
IF YOU GET A SPAM CALL FROM A NUMBER THAT LOOKS LIME THIS +236 82 DO NOT ANSWER IT! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE VOICEMAIL EITHER
My Reoccurring nightmare
The Darkest Night
The Floating Teeth
I steal hope faces from the dead.
I'm cursed to live in a different time Era every 7 days...
Grieving
A Cure To DepressionTeen Writing Group
My brother died last week, today I found his suicide note. (Part 1)
Please don’t play with that man
My Dad Called Me In The Middle Of The Night
The telephone
I'm a proxy for nosleep stories
Hunted - 1
I work as a waitress at a diner, and I think one of our regulars might be the devil
My inheritance
Welcome to Endscreek
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 12
Scared
Dream walkers
Sleepless Maniac
It Whispers Evil Things
The night I got no sleep.
always mop the chalk circles.
I Was A Rebel
This man is not my husband
My Odd DreamI moved into a new house 5 years ago and Iv'e Been Noticing Some Strange Things.
My family is VERY traditional
Don't try talking to Disney World mascots at closing time
We only met three weeks ago- bad timing right ?
I'm being forced to face my demons on the longest first shift ever - The Spirit of Pride
THE WALLS ARE MOVING
End of the fake world
The Nughtmares Haunt Me
The Hunt Of The Yellow Eyed Demons
Confession Tape
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she landed somewhere else and might be in danger
The thing at my window
It was the coolest item at the flea market.
hi :)
Dark future awaits humanity...
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 1
This probably sounds ridiculous, but my pet hamster has been acting weird lately and it’s starting to freak me out.
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part VII
A Shadow of a Man (part 1)
I vanished into thin air in front of dozens of witnesses, and someone caught it on camera. (part two)
Interlopers
The Windigo Graveyard - Part Three
Why is there something instead of nothing?
What I found at a Haunted Motel in Kansas was not a ghost, but something much worse
The Lightning
I had a chance to have a little chat with an embalmer.
"My Father Punished Me When I Talked To Ghosts" | no sleep | creepypasta
My sleep paralysis demon looks exactly like my dead daughter.
My town has a history of special visitors.
Digital Disaster
My brother found this diary at work
The Owls watch 2
The Long Drive To Nowhere
Camp Wanahee Part 2
My boyfriend is roommates with his sister, but their relationship is tainted
Why must you cry
The Smiley Man
8-14-2023
I am Very Real.
I opened my eyes to utter void, and a dirt road.
My self pride almost cost me my life. Don't be afraid to check under your bed before going to sleep!
There was a desire path in front of the Fox Hill house
There are treasure chests that shouldn't be opened. (Part 1)
The man followed me from work
Tragic Disney Story
at my window
The storm that washed everyone away
i think I'm going insane
Chittering
Never
I’m a good mom
We Are Glen
You mustn't let their whispers get to you.
First Night
Bloody Billy
Room 1290: Seal Her with a Kiss
They sound like echoes
My wife was assaulted. What I did to her attacker has awoken something inside of me.
The Buddy System That Stops You From Sinning
I’m a truck driver that transports stuff from hell up to earth.
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Five
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 5)
321-760-1386
The Lady's Prayer
Cyprus in the Pines
The bride in the picture
The rain washes everything away.
The Monster in the Woods
8 Miles Through the Sands of Georgia
ghost in my house (my story)
My house has been possessed by demons and i have to follow a set of rules or they'll take my soul (part 1)
The Intruder
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor • III
My next-door neighbor was really loud
The Creepy were wolf in my kitchen
The theaters are not dead.
She didn't run away (Part 1)
Somewhere from my youth in Belfast... but, not as I remember it.
I am a mall security gaurd theres a odd set of rules
A Fountain in Central Park
On my first night in a new apartment, I woke up to a child's voice, begging me for help
manhunt...
I used to live in a haunted house as a kid. I think they followed me..
The Foot Man
My friend shocked me that specific day
People from Marly Republic following me
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill road (part 5)
Vampires suck.
Oh whistle, and I will come to you.
Don’t Stare
“I am staying at a friend’s house for the first time, can’t help but feeling uneasy.” (Pilot)
I always get a head start
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 2)
My Girlfriend Miranda Is Not Who She Says She Is
I work on a haunted ship
She Used to Hold My Hand
My grandfather was an archeologist
It’s just a hobby
Creeps in airplanes are just the worst!
A Strange Phenomenon has been occurring over Glacier National Park.
The Silent Madness
I broke my glasses today...
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
there’s someone in my house watching me sleep
I got a job as a rule maker for jobs and it has some very strange rules.
For all hurban explorers: what's the "we are not alone" moment that you experienced that scared the shit out of you?I'm an air marshal for a plane that ferries the dead. They all have stories to tell.
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. It changed me.
The Door To Hell
My imaginary friend Arthur.
Three-Way Traffic Ahead
THE THING IN THE WOODS
My mirror is broken but not in the literal meaning.
Our old apartment
I found a diary in the forest. Entry 1
My mom taught me that somethings are better left unanswered
Nameless Dance of the Fireflies.
the spirits of the earth
There’s something about my Tias house.
I inherited a mansion, but I want nothing to do with it
My first cryptid encounter
Diary Of A Mad Man
My paranormal experiences in my new house
Emotional Support Canadians are NOT What You Think
Do Not Abandon All Hope (Part 1: Prologue)
US Vietnam War secrets they will never tell you
Late last night
The tree in the cemetery
Have Any Other Customer Service Workers Met This Entity?
PSA- BEWARE of the Polar Express. DO NOT ATTEND!!!
I'm in the middle of a school shooting.
Eternal Bride
My invasive thoughts are getting worse
Ghost just wanted to play jenga
I held my head next to my microwave for a month in an effort to gain superpowers... it didn't work.
Please, go to sleep.
Painter's block (revised)
From a faded journal, found behind an old bookcase in a boarded up London house. Someone had taken great pains to record their experiences. What did those early explorers discover? (Part 1)
I don't think the new mods are working out
Add
There's Something in My Apartment
I'm an archaeologist and I am straight up not having a good time .
My grandpa works at a mental institute, I'm starting to believe one of his patient's stories.
The neighborhood hoarder finally cleaned up his yard. I think he was making room for a cult.
In normal circumstances, people use to call me "fat guy".
My sister is scaring me PT 1/?
Two Stories happened or involving me
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Three Promises
I'm a blonde with one long red hair I can't pull out.
A red car appears on my neighborhood, Nobody owns a red car here.
Hell of a Time
only im left.
A message from the future; just a little paradox for you.
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is one I was never meant to know.
The Appalachian mountains are more dangerous then they let on.
My Reflection is Waiting for Me
I had a horrible childhood experience with furries.
The Event I Never Remembered.
I run a jewelry store in the afterlife. Someone wants me dead.
"DATE"
I work at a Haunted Ranch Part 2
Haunted buildings always had the best scrap metal.
The problem with my new apartment
I don't know what to do...
There Is Something Here That Wasn't Before
He sat there in pain. He didn’t know what do do
Naked Intruder
THE ONLY STUDENT IN MY CLASS
I Adopted A Rather Strange Cat
I Work at "The Ghastly Co.," the First Job Was Easy
The Descent
A note on unmarked graves southern France
My Dog Came From Hell
My hand turned into mold after getting bit by a Canada Goose...
A strange call from a lost girl.
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 7
I went into my closet to smoke weed and I dont recognize where I am.
Harassment At Bus StopStars
Three years ago I was kidnapped with three others to become a star. They became the people you know and love today. I escaped.
What was it
The London Scientific Research Centre
Clock Face
The Lake View Broadcasting Station Log's 3 The Slug
I solved the Fermi Paradox and I regret it. We're not alone.
the line that cant be crossed
I work as an EMT.
At first it was the dreams, now it's the shadows. NSFWA Bad Trip
There are Unspeakable Creatures that roam the Midnight Desert
Are You Ok?
The Bridge Experiment - 1
Saltwater
I was wondering why there were no patients in this hospital now I know why.
There's a Gigantic Spider in My Basement
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now.
The first time Death called, I cheated it. Now it wants its revenge.
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - An Anniversary Gift From Mr. Rainbow. (Part 4)
gello human
UFF
The black box
My brother kills everything that he thought of as not normal.
I hate shapeshifters
What is that... (Siren Head)
Me and my friends saw our animated versions, until they weren't animated anymore
Wilderness
How to get help when you ask for it and don't get it
100% Mortality Rate
Finally Home
A new job
My Girlfriend Found An Obsidian Mirror Buried In The Woods While Camping Today. There's Something Inside It.
This laboratory researches sin. One of the test subjects just escaped.
Trying to Get Rich Quick Might’ve Been the Worst Choice of My Life
I hate my growths
Something Weird Happened in my Minecraft World when I was Younger.
I Went to my Dad's Old Hunting Cabin in the Mountains... I Think I Know How He Died (Part 1)
I went into the mirror and now there are monsters in my house pt1
Our life as a jaga (part-1)
Somebody Help
Cassadaga 1st Sequence (w/Video)
The cool side of the pillow
When your parents tell you something, you should listen
People are beginning to float in my town. Today, I found out why.
Dear Diary
I'm A Manager My Local Retail Store. Last Month I Was Bitten By A Karen
Lucid dreaming turned my dreams into a reality (Finale)
Weird game in my head
Everyone in town loves Frockle’s fantastic sour lime caramels
We Miss You
So, I am the second coming.
Is my house haunted?
Quarantine is boring.. so I narrated and reenacted one of the classic stories from r/nosleep
Got any tips to survive the night shift?
H3lp
Last Night My Wife Came Home
My nemesis jumped me on the last day of school
Counseling (Discord mods needed)
The Vanished Lighthouse Keepers of the Flannan Isles
Karma Is Real And They Don't Like What I'm Doing
What the hell pricked me? Part 2
High Stakes Dungeons and Dragons
my mother has choke slammed me against the couch
My town isn't normal
I’m a ghost hunter and what I found was more than supernatural
We attempted a burglary and something horrible that I can't explain happened to us in the apartment.
The UK Government Do Not Want You to Know What Happened to the Town of Bellingham
I found a journal... (update 1)
My ‘brother’
The wish giver
I’m afraid of the dark
Feed Me
im being tracked
My mother really scared me today.
I am seeing the creepypasta everywhere and last night I had a disturbing dream about the slenderman
New ProJared theme song
Anti_background_path.exe
The Tunnels That Run Under My Childhood Home
I photographed the wrong thing when I followed my Mom... Context
I found a strange TikTok video featuring a man with no face. He told me his job, and I wished he hadn't.
Легион Йосефа
I went over the new kid's house and now I regret it.
I Can Give You What You Want
I never knew Magpies could talk
My imaginary friend has came back (1)
The Tree - The Diaries of Mary Joan
Keeping it extremely brief.
I need help to figure something out.
The place I moved into is weird
I have a virus and I don’t know what to do
Never camp in the sleeve bloom mountains Ireland
Some of us are looking at the stars
Have You Ever Used a Seclusion Box? They're More Dangerous Than You Think.
I read a book called "The Spaghetti Lad"
𝐈 𝐤𝐞𝐞𝐩 𝐠𝐞𝐭𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐌𝐚𝐢𝐥 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐚𝐧 𝐮𝐧𝐤𝐧𝐨𝐰𝐧 𝐬𝐞𝐧𝐝𝐞𝐫
There's hair growing out of my gum hole ... and my mom is taking me to Grandma for a "cure" (PART 2)
I never should've challenged my fear of the sea
The Goodbye Boy and His Cat Named Dairy
Why is there so much screaming?
They said stay silent...
My Little Sister's Wedding (Part 1)
It Likes It When You Shitpost.
I need to warn you about Tom's Treehouse.
Niff and Biff (part 1 )
Here, See
She's a Keeper
The moon
LEGIT HACKING SERVICES
The Halloween King
My new TV keeps turning itself on and off
Season 5 episode 25 question
Don't get snatched at night: Part 2
Eliza.
I Don’t Think I Killed Myself
I woke up in a house with no recollection on how I got there.
Stuck in a time loop
NRS-046 decomp incident
I can see your future, Mrs. Tenby
I'm being watched by five-dimensional beings - Part I
I work full time at a hotel, weird things happen here... (Part 1)
Night Shift.
My Neighborhood is surrounded by a massive wall and panic is setting in
Late Night Follower
I ordered a product from an infomercial. After it arrived, I found a disturbing letter inside.
4th of July, Apple Pie.
(2) I work at a grocery store.
Well and Fair
I pranked visitors when the power went out
I found something in an abandoned office building and now they're after me.
I Think Something's Wrong With My SonThe Saguaro National Park
My hacker friend
Everything You Know About the Academy Awards is a Lie
Crossover(™)
Monsters are real. They do not live in caves.
Something lives in the woods behind my grandma's house, and it wants to kill me.
The Cheese Sauce
I Found A Baby Siren Head
Story time! ✨🙏
April 2020 contest nominations
Closed for more
Not all puppets wear their strings on the outside
I got a €1000 car. For the rules I was not prepared
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 07
Scariest Story
Something's Built a Nest in My Childhood Home
I won’t fall asleep until I figure out what song this is20
Room 968: Your Troubles Melt Away
The missing persons case of Dorothy Blakes
The Samaritan
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening
"Live Again"
The most fucked up babysitting gig of my life. I challenge you to give me one that’s worse.
Nilis &amp; Thana Life &amp; Death (part one)
Live Footage of a Ghost in the Cellar! WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT!
Anna
The Quiet Whispers
Based of a true story
Something was pretending to be my mother in the nightArea 51 and the SCP foundation are the same thing
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (part 4)
My grandma used to tell me scary stories when I was little. There’s one I’ll never forget.
I keep getting messages on my answering machine.
2nd Update: All my Former Students are Committing Suicide
Chicago baby
The Factory is Haunted
There’s something in the corn maze
I DONT UNDERSTAND
I don't pay my electric bill because my house is haunted. But the ghost wants to move on.
I Visited The Allied War Graves That Do Not Officially Exist
COME SPEND HALLOWEEN WITH FRIENDS!
The world has gone to hell, it is time for action (PART 1)
Back when we temporarily lost our black star.
The Hunt for the Sound Makers
I don't know where to post this.
I Found VHS tapes from Hell
I CAN'T WISH FOR DEATH OR IT WILL HAPPEN
The Woods Where We Call Home
They can’t stop me.
Rudamer Industries (Part One)
Don’t let them take you
Different Fathers....Not a true story but a true story here..
Afraid of Night Terror
Death couldn't hold back our love.
It’s coming for me. But something is happening to me.
Please, Do NOT Buy Used Video Games Off of the Internet
You already know the rules. Don't step on the cracks.
I Knew I Never Should Have Adopted A Cat
My best friend I've known since preschool is missing. I found something incredibly disturbing in his house. (Part 2)
Earbleed.
I know what you look like when you die.
The LaDiablesse
I killed a siren head last summer
"Open Me"
Weird things happen at Opal Lake. Confronting the long woman didn't exactly go as planned. Pt3 (Final)
I wish monsters would reveal themselves
Bugs are just slow cleaners
A serial killer in my town
We found an old barn and something terrible followed us inside.
This screaming kid is ruining our meal, but we can't leave the restaurant
True story that happened tonight
The Night Walk.
I'm a Drug Dealer and You Shouldn't Smoke What I'm Selling
There’s Something Wrong With Me.
Car sitting outside with engine running.
I’m high school, I dated a girl that said she could see “spirits.” Here’s why I believed her
I never got to ride the blue tricycle that could only be seen from the window on the second floor
The more you stare...
Please Obey the Posted Metro Operating Hours.
For the Love of Blood, For the Love of Bones
It called for me.
How i got my husband back
The same dream i had 8 times
Legend Of My Town Part 1
my nightmare
Don't take candy from strangers...
Mother
I work at a hospital. These are some of the weirdest cases I've tackled.
Visiting the Ocean
Momo is back.
They lied!
I've been seeing flickering lights in my backwoods for 3 weeks... I don't know what to do anymore
My nightmares are bleeding into waking life. I can't fall asleep. I just can't. Help me.
The Mirror Murderer
Is this some kind of trick my mind is playing on me?
I and 49 others people is forced to play a "game" by an entity (Part 1)
The Hat
The highway will provide. I just needed a quick nap.
The number is 7
A horror story
Had a VERY obscure dream last night.. can anyone tell me what it meant?
DON'T NERVER PLAY OUIJA
It’s my birthday
My Grandmother's Attic (Part 1)
For Love: An Original Short Story
The scratching in the basement
Normal
We’ve Been Stuck in Belgium for Months - Now We Really Can’t Leave
It’s so cold
Always turn off the lights (part 3)
I failed to save someone's life, and now they're trying to take mine
A kid named Andy
Halloween Rescue 2018
02.22.2023 Tapes #1 - #3
I Am Starting to Think My Guardian Angel is Defective.
The figure (Part 1 and Follow up of part 1) True Story
I have this obsession with maggots. It all started after I met an old woman on the London Underground.
The Thing in my Closet
Sorry for the long, unedited real-life account of a haunting. Hope you like it!
Insomnia ( Part 1)
Dad
My Name is Allen Gradstein, and I'm Not Fully Anchored in This Reality.
IT knows that I don’t have much time left
I saw something sinister through the window of the house across from me
My best friend I've known since preschool is missing. I found something incredibly disturbing in his house. (Part 1)
It came with the rain
You truly are perfect.
"Accidents Happen."
I got an weirdly personal email from Joe Biden and now I'm PREGNANT?
My Brother Hunts Things We Can't See
Evil Spirit
There’s been UFO sightings in my area, I think I saw the craft last week
A Real Superhero (Part 3)
My Soul was Taken From me in the Astral Plan (A warning to the curious)
Every Small Town Has An Urban Legend...
Glasses Let Me See Clearly And Destroyed My Life.
The human is the most dangerous animal...
There’s something in the walls.
The White Ribbon Sent Me Away...
Watchers (part 1)
Last Halloween I witnessed a murder. This year it happened again but I intervened. Now I wish I hadn’t.
Something is DEFINITELY wrong with my TV.
I read a book I shouldn't have read (Part 1)
Deer/Man/Thing
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows.
The Inheritance Game - What exactly would you be willing to do for $300 million?
Nosleep is a subreddit for realistic horror stories. Everything is true here, even if it's not.
The Halloween Blackout
We discovered a new parasite in Antarctica
teen porn hd
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world.
Something in the water
I work in a lamp store. We sell light in the shape of bad fortune.
I believe Quantum Immortality is real due to events in my life
The war drags on, the Americans are closing in, but we will stand strong in the face of their machines and die with honor!
I think that the old man I'm looking after is a cannibal (part 2)
I was starting to enjoy the sunset, then it got really bright.
Let me tell you about my vacation.
Stay out of the mountains
Dream Scars
Thy reflection
The Journal of Oppius Caristanius
I saw something horrible in the middle of heavy rains
My Friend Gave Me Wrong Directions. It Had Horrifying Consequences.
What's the truth behind the "Twelve mysterious and identical stores open on my street. What could be happening?"
Weird occurrence that I need explained..
A woman hired me to investigate her husband. I think he's doing something way worse than cheating.
Forever Followed By Monsters part 2
The beginning of a ‘fun’ Christmas with the In-laws.
Ghost in my home
I run a ghost tour. here are the rules.
Madness in a Sleepy Town in Missouri - 2
I am a hooker and I have seen some shit - Part 1
Mom's cooking
do not play the elevator game (part 4) (finale)
I know why Emily Burns is Missing
Waiting
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer( Part 3)
There's a murderer behind me (Part 1)
Here's how I became a Voyeur. And why you should fear the Sun.
A haunted house appeared on my street last Halloween, and it's freaking me out.
Heartbroken
Something is happening in my small town and we need to find out what before more people get hurt Part 2
The scariest of them all.
How to Survive Camping - don't follow the gummy bears either
I keep hearing and seeing and emergancy brocast that no one else can (2)
It’s Game Night One Last Time at the Eden Retreat
The Barn of Desires, Part 1
What is your fever dream? And what do you think it means?
What Did Zeus Say To Narcissus ?
Freddy's
I Am Never Going Back To My Parents' House
the unseen boy in class, part 2/2 final part
Please Insert Coin (PLAY AT YOUR OWN RISK)
My mom has been waiting to kill me all my life part one
The Backroads
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird
I met Death himself in a dark alleyway. He showed me something terrible.
I fell unconscious after colliding into a pileup - I woke up to hear an emergency broadcast on the radio.
Jeremiah, pt.1
I started a Skype dating service for lonely men. (Part 1)
A glitch?
My void
The Growing Room
He lies at the bottom of the pool, the game begins (Part 1)
I fell asleep at the bus stop. I'll never do it again
I survived a twisted game with the Devil and came out on top. PT.2
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’? (Part 5)
Don’t trust boys with black hair (part 1)
The Face by umpeachii
Where did my birthday thomas go
I used to be a letter carrier, but after a week delivering on Route 42, I'll never work for the USPS again
The Thing From Hell That Followed Us And The Circle Of Light.
"move over a little bit"
The journal I found in Arizona #1
Favors For Norse Gods: Doggo
I used to work at a self-storage facility. You’d be shocked at what people hide
The Theory
Hamster head
The Cage.
It wanted me to cut myself
How to Save a Life (part 1)
I think this lonely guy at my school may have joined a cult
It was a different time...
Fail Often
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 4)
Vore
The price of my artwork was my soul
I’ve seen the same little girl at the store, asking me for help since I was seventeen. I’m thirty-two now.
The Memoirs of Your Average High School Serial Killer
Be part of the new world with 4Sight!
Blurry
There’s a Tunnel Beneath the Jail.
I Would Never Hurt My Dad.
My Life In Hell pt.1
There's something at the end of my driveway FINALE (Part 3)
Surreal encounters
I went searching for a tree covered in moths
Did you guys hear random music late at night?
Lost in the Game
The Chernobyl exclusion zone isn't what you think it is - Part One
Garages have always scared me.
An interesting day at school
Pine Man
The Legend Of The Faceless Woman
don’t help the little girl in the forest
Time-Eater's Disease by E.N. Patterson
somebody may be living in my walls
Livestream viewers warn of someone following me
I left for work yesterday, now I'm trapped in my car.Welcome to the official Miami Dade school for tech students!
My Grandma worked for NASA. Something terrible is waiting beyond our solar system. PART FOUR
The first time I saw corpse
Being a professional mourner makes me hate my life. I see window corpses and they terrify me.
The truth behind bonzi buddy.
The Three Divine Messages
I'm working at hotel that is always full but with few guest. I have a odd list of rules to follow while working my shift. (Part 4)
What is going on?
The Key hole
My dog isn't my dog anymore.
someone broke into my house and now they wont let me leave
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one I chose to hide.
A ghost warned me of clicking on a link. I wish I listened.
Blessed.
The Fiend of Benson Canal (1/3)
Something’s definitely not right.
The Church I Grew Up In
I have memories but it seems they are not mine
I've learned the importance of following rules.
my first attempt at it
There’s a hole in my childhood, and I don’t know why...
The Grocery Store from Hell
Feed the Pig
Blankstep. A zombie apocalypse tale
I Went To See Scream With My Friend, And I Regret It
I don't like wet things. (#s "suicide")
Someone helped me start to overcome my depression
Ladies and Gentleman, Peter Frampton!
I work in a nursing home, I don’t know what to make of the weird things that happen on the night shift
The Sinners Club
My Parents Never Let Me Go Into These Woods, Now I Know Why
That walker thing part: 1
To the man who's watching me outside
We found the carcass of a blue whale in a forest, hundreds of meters above sea level.
My daughter's diary has a disturbing entry in it, I think it's telling the future
Pay attention when you sleep
How I Got My Freedom Back
the beehouse
To Catch A Dentist
The Black Pills Part 3
I discovered a Color that the human mind can’t comprehend. I’m not sure the world is ready for it.
I’ve Found Michelle’s Sock
The Hadar Manor Inn
My New Neighbor: The Litter Killer
I found some dried poop crust in a truck stop bathroom
I Stayed With My Roommate and His Parents Over The Holidays - Part Two
Here comes the child bride
Interview with Ada Ruth Shell/Interviewer:Harold Black 08-09-1897
My Twin Died but Our Connection Didn't - Part 3
I am unqualified for this position (part 1)
The Most Peaceful Town But With Some Weird Rules
FIGURE
There's something strange in the fog
I got a letter from the Butcher, and she beckons me to meet her... PART 2/3
I will never forget the screams
Horrifyingly Beautiful
Nightmare.
I Think My Roommate Gave Me a Demon
House Building For Dummies
Trying to locate a post
A scream from the Mountains
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’? (Part 2)
a nosleep story
Saltwater
I'm a low-level security guard at a top-secret government facility, and whatever's inside it is about to escape
Thick hair
Burn My Guilt Away
I am a Cryptid hunter in training, here is my story.
The Truth About the Gregori Kids
I have no clue what happened
They Know It
We found my little sister in the forest as a kid. Now I want to return her - update
NoSleep is my Only Hope in Defending my Latest Client in Court
Murder Mystery
Homeless people keep walking into a fancy high-rise in my neighborhood.
I’ve Been Flying for almost Thirty Hours and The Flight Attendants Won’t Stop Crying
It Took My Brother Being in Danger for Me to Accept Our Curse
I finally got my own Airpods. But I hear something terrifying when I wear them.
I blasted soviet anthem earrape in class and nobody laughed...
Please, Drop Your Hat
Little Sky (Part Two)
Janitor Williams
After The Stars Went Out
Have You Ever Experienced a Glitch In The Matrix ? Tell me your story
“You can see in death not hear, not feel but you can see”
I am looking for a human host?
The Simplicity of Small Village Life
There are faces in the shadows
Well, That Was Weird.
Broken Mirror
Buddy, My Dif
The false 👑
I regret going back to them. Part 1
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children (Part 4)
I started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  Chapter 2.
A fucking curse.. (Part One)
Possible OD accross from my apartment.
I found someplace that shouldn’t exist
it’s been hours. i’ve been waiting. i don’t know what else to do besides wait. it’s so dark and quite outside and in running low on pop tarts. that’s all i was able to grab before papa grabbed me into the shed.
Does anyone remember the Spongebob episode ‘Patrick’s New Friend’?
The curse of an orgasm
The Drop
I've seen Ball Lightning;Its not what you think
my sleep paralysis almost got me killed
The Sleepover that changed everything
sub for sub
I drove to a place that does not exist.
Pet Food Machine
I really, really, really didn’t want to die like this
Real Nightmare
My daughter has been missing for 15 years, and she just messaged me.There's nowhere I can go, so I listen to them at my bedroom door.
The Holder of Sin
Last Vacations
The Bokor's Shadow
The Lighthouse in Cornwall
THE HOGWARTS THAT I DIDN’T WISHED FOR
Ghosts
I work in an office building...right?
The Manila Gothic Series: The Origin
Somebody left an old TV on my porch, it contained a horrible secret.
The Tickler
The End of the World was only the beginning...
I Think My Wife Is An Impostor
Manananggal Challenge
The plague doctors were not there to cure the plague.
Have you ever wondered if there multiple realities? I know and they are - He found me
The legacy
Autopilot.
Please i need answers
Today I found out why 61% of adults are afraid of the dentist
Creatures
The Cadacus
I found my own dead bodyDo you ever just feel so angry with the world you want to kill everything in the room with you?
A Quiet Day
The numbers over her head
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. Jenny, what happened to you?
I Hear Taps
I found an extremely disturbing video on youtube (link included)
Hello Flesh
I knew something was off with my waitress
The Masquerade
Always the Bridesmaid
My ancestor was at Rorke's Drift, he experienced something much worse then Zulus.
I was rear ended by a murderer, now I'm expected to take his place
I woke up mysteriously at 1 am
I crossed worlds for 20 years
I Had To Bury My Boy
Not A Typical Haunting
Stay away from Lake Mahogany
I Live In an Uncharted Country (Part 1)
My Town is Just Weird: Part 2
Disturbing encounter at the San Fransisco zoo
Floor 5: Wisps and Whisperers
Carnivore
Corrupted Reality: What lies beneath our civilised Utopia.
Martin is Missing (Ending)
My name is Mary-Alice and I am part of the elite
I'm from 2125
THE BARISTA
Now that I think of it, I was already pregnant the first time I saw it
Sleep Paralysis Phenomena (SPP)
Demonic Birds in the Sky
The Hangmans Tree
I drove the new girl home from the bar. Now I need to bring her back. (Final)
Please don't cry
I’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to make sure they get convicted. Part Four.
I escaped some sociopaths by entering a cellar, now I'm on my run
My father punished me when I talked to ghosts
The National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Yosemite
The State Pension
30 second read
There's a murderous spirit in my town, and the residents don't really mind
I’m looking for True Home Alone stories to post on my YouTube “Sgt. Creeps”
I'm Never Ever Going Back to San Diego
Escape From Room 9
I decided to write this short story because I was bored
My counselor disappeared, and I don’t know what to do
Gone but trapped forever
I've Been Alone in a Fallout Shelter for months. Until Now.
My Imaginary Friend Won't Stop Crying
Tomorrow will be different.
you've received various letters from an old friend informing you henry has passed. it seems henry is not the only one who has died. (1-2)
This isn’t a long story but hey it’s something
The Moorpool Kids
The light goes off at exactly 11pm
Tales from the North: episode 1- The wailing woman of Cusworth Hall
Magick Man
My friend has no face now and it's destroying our relationship. What should i do?
The Terror
The Life of a monsterMy new house is great, but there’s something off...
I Inherited My Grandfather's House and His Nightmare (Part 3, Final)
Tales From A Lonely Motel: 8 Finale
The Hidenseek Incident Part 2 (Finale)
Why I no longer go to my favorite spot in the woods
I had a childhood friend who lived under my bed and came out to play when my dad went to work
Why I can’t sleep or even be home alone...
Failed suicide attempts. (Kinda new at writing)
The Gambler
Log #1 where am i? Where did this book come from?
I helped my Uncel at his Job and the last one destoryed me.
If I'm Not On the Road, "The Rules of the Road" Can't Get Me
I'm a Night Shift Lead at an Amazon Warehouse (Part 1)
I work for an organisation that takes care of other dimensional beings - (Journal 2)
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of my Room..its offered me a job that has a concerning list of rules..
I wanted to show how much I loved my girlfriend, so I gave her crabs
Fan Fiction: A Downward Spiral; Trigger warning, this gets really upsetting and graphic read at your own risk
Daisies dont grow in downtown de vessi
This wasn't the first time Roland died...
The helpful stranger
This wasn’t normal nightmare.
Looking for help : chapter 1
A Story of How I Had a Really Bad Time at a Party and Was Maybe the Victim of a Plot to Foil an Innocent Pursuit of Love
The Presence - part 2
Almost as if nobody had lived there for years
It's Nice to Have a Hobby (final)
I eat cat shit.
Lucid Dreaming For Dummies
Bivouac (part 1)
#M4w
Why I fear magicians
'Twas the night before Christmas/The truth about Krampus
My family runs an all you can eat buffet. -FINAL-
My dog went missing for a year and what came back was not a dog.
Fighting and learning to Survive Demons (Part 5)
I'm a Zoologist and I Found Something Strange - Part II
Spiritualist: Guardians
I think I am the imposter among you
I work for a ghostwriting agency. We have some incredibly interesting clients, but I’m not so sure about the one I spoke with today.
This skin is my own, but the things under it are not.
Jjhh
Shift Work Sleep Disorder (SWSD)
My Bizarre College Experience (Part 1)
My sister is suddenly became affectionate
The Journal In The Coffee Shop - Part 1
I got locked in Maplewood Shopping Center after dark.
I went on a cruise, but it wasn't exactly relaxing.
Silver Stream Retirement
My 3am experience
Anyone else encounter the entity ZAZA or MAMA ZAZA on a Ouija board?
The Dead Zone (Part Two)
The Human Submarines
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 1 &amp; 2
Bizarre things have been happening to me throughout my life. (Part 3)
I got an old teddy for my birthday, and a list of rules for survival (Part 2)
How did you find me?!
Somethings wrong...I'm scared to be here alone, and now there is no help for me.
The village
The Pit Stop
The Night I Told My Friend The Truth (PT.2)
How to Survive Camping - collateral damage
Artists Eye
The nicest man I ever met was in a mental health hospital.
I've uncovered a long-hidden secret. Now the government is hunting me.
What can I do at this point?
Be Wary of Neighbors
I'm sorry, but the following product is no longer available due to the fact that it has already been purchased. Please check out the rest of my stock for other options. I hope you find what you're looking for. Thank you!
Spanish Harlem
Crystal Grove is cursed
Tiffany-twisted
ᛒᛟᛟᚴ ᛟᚠ ᛞᛖᚨᛏᚺ: ᚲᚺᚨᛈᛏᛖᚱ 2: ᛚᚨᚾᚲᚨᛋᛏᛖᚱ ᚹᛁᛏᚲᚺ ᚠᛁᛚᛖ
Ghost dog along the tracks
The First First Responders
I Live At The North Pole(Part 10)
At The End of Every Show, They Set a Ballerina On Fire (Part Three)
Years Ago My Grandfather Fought the Devil. Now I Think He's Come Back For Revenge
The passenger
They erased my memory now I’m here
I was part of the 1999 Arizona High shooting
I is putting herself in a dangerous situation but I can't make her see that
An Unsettling Town
My 3D-printer made something strange on it’s own
I just moved in (Part One)
Sick
7 Things to Do When Your Boyfriend is Teething
There’s only a few rules at the strip club I work at
i am a real person and this random scary thing just happened to me
Don't let them in.
I thought nothing could scare me
Just lost
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (Part 5)
I bought a cursed painting
The Do-over
Do you have to be a writer to post here?
The Lone Hiker
Midnight train to another world
Everyday I seem to grow another testicle.
Not sure if I see them or not
Don't sleep
“Don’t come home” Part 2
Cursed Meme comes to life if not shared
I've heard this voice my entire life and I'm starting to lose control.
Private Detective For Hire
Mister Blue Sky
This is why I do not like hotels.
CRU - The Cryptid Re-habitation Unit
This is a true story that happened to me.
Tales of a lonely security guard part 8: Mill of horror
If You See Mr. Longlegs RUN FAST AND NEVER LOOK BACK
My family is a secret society member called "Deus humani generis".We have to kill our loved ones. This my story (part 1)
Crazy is the Game
Arhenehl- the Witch’s Saga (final)
I’m A Wildlife ranger at America’s largest Blackwater swamp. I’m still trapped here. (Part 2)
I run a psychic service. My most recent client brought in something that horrified me
How to see spirits without the ‘gift’
If you hear cries for help in the woods, do not attempt to assist. I repeat, do not attempt to assist, it may be the Imitator
Seek and Hide
Full bodied what?
I worked for a company that punishes employees in a horrifying way.
Our family is not like the others.
Crazy night
I HEARD the BIRDS Today
Today is my 9th birthday!!
At Night I Dream of a Hungry Place
The hunt
HELP ME FIND MY SISTER
A Grandma's Love
The Fork
My Recent Nightmare.
Pictures with my son
She changed...
Something u might want to see
What Was Living In His Jaw? Part II
The Star Hooded woman
If you see a man with crooked antlers, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
Im a fireman who got called in for a “threat”
My sister and my pillow: (1-Paragraphed Story)
My Boss was a Sadist.
Itch
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 1)
Someone is outside my apartment, but I can only see his feet.
Alexa is creeping me out
When My Wife Takes Over
My friends and I saw something in the park. We left just before all hell broke lose.
She Gave Me the World, but the Moon was Nowhere to be Found.
The Thing's I've Learned From Hell Pt 1
My Mothers House
Dark web story....
The Mustergrove FamilyI just got furloughed, and honestly, I'm getting worried
For the past year, I've been trying to kill myself. Any help?
HOW TO BREAK A MAN
MAX.EXE
The creep freak
Choo-Choo
So, I found this article in my local newspaper
My job at Liminal inc.
The Black Rose (chapter 1 part 1)
So I guess I'm just dead now...
Rotting Noir prologue
There is a mirror affixed to the bottom of my local pool, but I think there might be more to it than meets the eye...
THE HUNTED
If You're Driving in the Mountains, Don't Listen to Your Radio
Donny Owains in : The Man who Watches
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train...
My father’s lifelong wish was that I follow in his footsteps and become a Walmart greeter
How I survived a nuclear war - Log #1
My friend joined a support group recently. I attended one of their meetings. I'm not sure what I just experienced.
We were almost mugged or kidnapped
Who’s next
I keep hearing noises from under my bed.
Bug Reports
I saw something that almost killed me (part 3 finale)
My Grandma's house has rules fornthe whole week
My dog is immortal and that fact might just get us both killed
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. There's more than one horrifying champion in the NFC.
My New Apartment Took My Breath Away
!!fictional!! mysterious beast almost killed us
I am a homicide detective and my latest case might just drive me insane.
I don't think I can be with my wife and child anymore.
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly
One who watches
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  Fire and Light
Unholy water
Family reunion?
My school is full of monsters
I looked down my pants this morning
I've written this over 1000 times. I need to kill someone in this city.
looking for a creepypasta
Our company creates and raise creatures - The Sirens and my fucking joke report (Part 1)
THE TOWN- PART ONE (INTRODUCTION)
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something.
Foot steps (is a really short story from something that I plan to work on in the future)
Im stuck in a time loop. Its hell.
Mess with my pens I will find you
Dinner
I Bring My Daughter To The Graveyard (2)
Unknown phone calls
My first paranormal expirience
The Other World
I've been stuck at work for 80 hours.
The Magic They Saw That Night Was Absolutely Glorious
My dog is too smart for her own good. She knows where all my skeletons are buried.
Night Shift in the ER: My First Encounter with Pippi.
Boundaries are an important part of a healthy relationship. ALL I asked was that he follow a few simple rules...
All my life I've had visions of how people die. I learned to ignore it, until one day I saw myself slitting a man’s throat.
Driving down I-70 scary experience
NOVA KADUNA - PART 2 (CONCLUSION)
I've Never Felt Comfortable in My Own Skin. Now I Know Why
Izanami
I have a request about your stories... going to write a book with them
No sleep? More like no pee!
You Have Seven Days
The River
London Nights (Part 2)
My little sister went missing three days ago. This morning I found her diary.
Only Time Can Tell
Do Not Talk To Strangers At Midnight
Halloween at the Mullins Funeral Home Pt II
A letter to my love
I found a tunnel at the end of a forestry service road on no maps and in no records, and thats not the weirdest part.
I have been hearing weird cruncing noises at night.
Working with accient gods
My sister's surname is on my wall.
I bought a storage locker that contained a doorway to Hell last year, I didn't open it because I was too scared. It's called to me ever since, tormented me, so last month I finally opened it.
I stayed at my friend's new house to watch his pets while he went on vacation with his wife. Won't be doing that again.
I contacted something unnatural by mistake
Midnight Blood Drive
Dont stir up the past
Do you hear the Sirens? Entry 1
Disney 2004
Dear Joan Help my body is possessed!
"Im paranoid.."
Extra-Rare
I got a text... then she died.
The old women (True)
The Fog that Fell Over Morehead
Someone keeps visiting my home late at night. It never stops.I keep finding the same dead dog everywhere I go...it gets worse.
Taxes
They Hunt In The Mud
Skater Girl
Tourists of Arkham
If you live near a power line ...
A box containing 18 diaries was delivered to my house pre-lockdown. I assumed it was a mistake and kept in in the garage, forgot all about it. Today I cleaned the garage, found the box and opened Diary One.
I saw my friend on some tv horror movie last night.He's been dead for 2 years
Here in my bed
A Prison Tattoo
We tried to make superheroes in a lab, there were many failures.
Audio Transcript from Harvard Meats CO Interview
I'm a retired lawyer who recently moved into town. Whatever you do, don't ever visit this place.
One of those faces
Awesiaki: The Final Chapter
They Nibbled on my Toes!
I Saw my House for Sale on Facebook Marketplace
It was real
Feels like a tickle
The oil man
Something is seriously wrong with my landlord (Part 1)
The Holes on The Wall Still Remain
SERIES - Magic is real, and I don't like it - PART 2
A Hitchhikers Tale
How I returned home after messing up The Elevator Game
The man under the table
Does anyone remember Nosleep author /u/griefhopper? She has been tied to five murders in my hometown.
Hey I’m new to reddit
Those That Dwell In The Mud
My dream could have been real...
The Hatchlings (Series)
They fished for mermaids in Paji Village.
I Tried A 24-Hour Overnight Challenge And Regret It, They're Coming For Me
Drinks With A Dead Man
Everything went well!! Part 1
A few days ago, I confronted the puddle that once took my childhood friend.
The living plague doctor
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 3, Final Part)
A Rock With a Hole
There's a voice that follows me but won't stop. (Part 1)
Norse gods are real, but I don't know i be alive for long after encountering them
Broken Nails
I messaged my “Number Neighbor,” and I probably shouldn’t have.
I am from another world and I am posting this to warn you about something that can happen your world part 1
If you ever see a channel on Youtube called Alpha waves_264, stay away from it
Still have to go back to the future
I'm scared
The Man in the Tree
Devilishly Good Pizza
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – (Part 1)
Am I crazy?
The Koandoyi Incident (Part One)
The Threat!
I think I'm high
The Lakewood Mystery
Something watches me in the corner of my room.
it’s the end of the world yet i’m the only one left...
I had a micro-nap while I was typing, here is the holy covenant between subconsciousnes and autocorrecting AI
I died in November(gutter language follow-up)
My Worst Bathroom Experience
My Neighbor is always with me
The Song That Does Not End
Night Shift at the Crab Shack
Recently moved in to a communist era apartment with my girlfriend and I couldn't regret it more.
Okay so...I really need help. Can someone please comment and help me out?
I’m 11 and have never seen outside my room
My sister died in a car crash years ago, I recently found her diary
The Sawbone
J.J. Westwood is doing the Lord's work on a soap box outside a Marsden Shanty
Our School Refined Us
I Build Traps For Monster Hunters
I work for a secret research center. What is a little boy doing there?
The Big Book of Giant Animals
Something Bad Happened in my House
Children of The Lake
Be Careful What You Do on the Internet, Don't Join Weird Live Feeds and Most Important of All, Always Cover Your Webcam
The Creature That Ruined my Life
The Ghosts of People From My Past are Haunting Me, But Those People Aren't Even Dead
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are
I Think I Brought The Wrong Thing To Show And Tell
My sleep paralysis is getting worse
Dear Artists
My treehouse is the devils bin
the weirdest pet store I've ever been to
My name is Jeremy Eastside. My daughter was kidnapped 20 years ago. She came back today - part 2 (Final).
I WATCHED AN EPISODE OF FAMILY GUY IM PRETTY SURE DOESN'T EXIST
tick tock
I had a demonic encounter when I was 16
Who am I?One of my kids is not my kid
Snowman Family
find it before it finds you (part 1)
What are you and why am I here? (part 10 of the Man in the Van)
Someone started texting me jokes. They’re not funny.
Recent nightmare I've had thats been terrifying me whenever It creeps back into my mind.
Eyes for the Dead
There are massive wolves in the mountains of Alaska.
The Elevator Game won't work anymore and I know why.
Road to 1, 000 Subscribers
The Dog Called Shadow
Death saved my life, and I hate him for it.
I met a man who doesn't exist.
currently offering voice over narration for nosleep stories
We've got it all wrong. God might not be that loving being we've been taught she is. Part 4.
The Latch
Games are more powerful than you think
I am a quadriplegic, but I can still feel pain
All faded
I’m A Cop And Something Strange Is Happening In My Town
Tales From a Small Town: Where I've seen the fleshy things before
The Crimson Tide
Pigface - Identity
Last week I went on a hike, I will never recover...
SOMETHING FOLLOWED ME HOME!
Butterfly effect story
I know what real dragons look like.
Casino jackpot and Brandy shots
Somethings stealing from my workshop.
I'm Stuck In A Time Loop On A Boat With A Psychopath (Part 2)
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 3)
"I can hear her."
My Imaginary Friend Keeps Crying
Last time, I told you about how I died. Now, I tell you about meeting the primordials.
I keep Finding Human Teeth in my Apartment
Night he appeared
i shit myself playing this game
What’ve I become?
chat room of ColdOne13
Tales from a PRT operative: The Reaper may still be alive (Part 1)
All my friends killed themselves
What’s behind me!
There's something wrong with my boyfriend and his parents. (Day 2)
Momma
I'm scared..
A MAN'S BEST FRIEND.
The Massacre Hotel
Mr. Stretchy
Good ol four eyes
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later he still alive - part 2
The Orphanage in the Woods: The Apple Tree
Hello? Can you see this?
12 hours
The city's local vigilante just brutally attacked me. I have no idea what I did wrong.
The man in the bush
The Rats
Overnight camping: The end. Final
"It ripped me apart. It tore everything apart. Oh my god. Oh my girth. Oh my god!" #1
My stepdad gave me a soul for my birthday… and it’s starting to drive me insane
This story still haunts me, even today.
We Are Burning The Amazon To Stop It From Getting Free
Help a demon is attacking me during the night
Last Halloween I played The World's Deadliest Movie Trivia Game.
You are ill, you need to rest
Mall security
I Want to Get Better
My encounter with the darkness
Our neighbor is a doomsday prepper. Lately they’ve been stockpiling for the End of the world. I think they might be onto something. Part 1.
While recovering from a broken leg, I ordered the most immersive VR headset in the world.
A Moving-Home Paranormal Experience
My friend has been online for 72 hours now and I’m getting concerned
First apartment
The sun didn’t rise and I desperately need your help
A Deep and Impenetrable Sadness
Deadly Familial Patterns
My door just opened itself
Live Footage of a Ghost in the Cellar! +Story WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT!
My Dead Brother Rescued Us From Kidnappers
I hunt what people know as guardian angels. They aren’t what you imagine them to be.
I think somebody committed suicide at work
light off
It Shows up on my son's birthday
I was a crypto-entomologist for a day. I haven’t spoken a word about what happened since.A walk in the dark
I think my house is haunted
"I" am writing the best songs I've ever written.
Leviathans pt.3
Nergal Eupnea - Never Drink That, Even The Devil Can't Handle This Booze
I think my girlfriend is possesed by something that lives in my dreams
You’re moments away from homelessness at any given moment
I think something's here
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books.
The Abandoned Building  The Night Crawler
God laughs
I found a basement my parents hid from me.
I’m stuck
I Recently Got A Job At A Toystore, but the Rules I Was Given Almost Made Me Quit. Almost. (Part 1)
Do you know the concealed web Part 1
What I found at the garage sale
My Great Grandmother opened a portal to hell and cursed all the women in my family
My Story Was Removed. I Thought That Was the End of it... *UPDATE*
The College Cameo
Philippine Motel
It's three in the morning, and I'm hiding under the blanket from a monster that very well may not exist.
THE CAVES OF SAN PEDRO SULA - first draft
I know this sounds fake. i would think so too. but at least pretend its real and help me. I`m begging you.
Hulder
Girlfriends encounter with shadow being
Some advice to travelers in the mania woods. Part one: the hanging tree
I love drones
Gruftisohp
I found these logs I've been making. I think I've done something horrible.
Bottomless - Session 1
Monster Mercenary: Origins
Roblox meme horror
My Grandma's House
I met a Witch
Don't Ever Stop for the People on the Shoulder
The art cabinet
The Halloween Dance No One Forgot…or left (Part 1)
Slowly disappearing from the world's perception, the victim's life ends with the entity sinking through them into the floor.
The Social Experiment - Part 2
The place of no existing.
A horrifying creature is on my street. Part 1
The things in the ground.
The Houston Files: Hoax or Fact X
I Used To Sleepwalk As A Child
Weird Rate My Professor Posts 4
What Happened? Where am I? (Child abuse and Animal Abuse)
They ate my family, and now they might be hunting me.
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 2) (Minor Gore warning)
If somebody asks you for a pen, DO NOT give them one
I made a deal for my dogs life
My name is Laruman, and it is my job to instill true fear into the human race (Part 1)
my house has lots of strange little quirks, don't touch the face in the dark, i got a new tv
WishI encountered something deep in Jamul, CA...
The Corn Won't Let Me Out
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth
The mistake
It's so cold here
Are You There God? It's Me, Monsignor Byles.
3am
Poem: The Return
Domesticating Foxes (Part 2)
My Grandpa Drowned Kittens (3) Final
Strange happenings in our appartment
I don’t care what they say. I’m not guilty. I did not kill those innocent girls.
A Letter To You
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part1)
I think theres something in my hotel room...
un pinnie minnie
The demon that ate my cheese
"I've Never Seen Anyone So Frightened." (First Post!) // I sincerely need help with something, and I'm a little lost on where to turn. (Long post!)
It comes out when your sleeping... (Short one shot creepypasta)
Powerful Marketing Tool
My Sister Loves Minions.
Alan The Snake
Sleep paralysis entity that it's punishing to me
Why I Never Take the Backroads Home
I have some weird powers.
The Queen of Bisteneau
I look like my best friends imaginary friend
The Bag Man
I can see death in people
The Wraith
Some days I am dead
It's 10pm, Time For Work.
Alice (I have posted this on another reddit channel)
Allison Had Some Demons
Don't know if this is allowed but I'm trying to find a old creepypastaI've been sacrificed to a Japanese spirit
The Beginning of Maturity
Night Breezes
What Was Never Meant To Be
I survived a horrible social experiment. Not everyone can be as lucky.
Domesticating Foxes(part 2)
Her Name Was Astrid
MY BEST FRIEND
Pokémon blood of marowak (posted this awhile ago in the creepypasta Reddit)
If You See Graffiti Reading "FOR A GOOD TIME CALL:", follow this "Rule of the Road"...(Part 2 or 2)
The Forest Spirit
The best thing you can do for your health: sleep well
Don't go in the woods at Riverbends Park.
Our Children's Apocalypse
Ugly
Hey, Dad. It's Me, Lily, I've Come Home
Smiley the clown
The thing in the Darkness
this story was hard to recount
Something happened outside my house,where is my family?
There's Something Wrong With My Daughter's DollTicking
THE VEIL HAS BEEN TORN
Something Won't Let Me Sleep
(Part 1) I’ve been on this bus for years. I don’t think I’m on earth anymore.
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #2  - Curses, Dreams, And Talking Cotton Candy
The Storm
My coworker saw people that weren’t there. Today, I saw them too.
How to Survive Camping: a death in the family
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 1)
The Sound That Is Unheard
Memoir from a small town deputy: Part 2
This one moment is the reason I will never go back to the Dark Web again.
The Time I Fired A Pain-In-The-Ass Writer
My ayahuasca trip to the Amazon jungle.
Something has been turning on my TV at night.
I know its been a while...
A brief letter
My dead mom thinks I'm a loser. She might have a point.
Our daughter went missing a year ago. Today we heard from her.
I Live in The House of Burning Cats
Why do we sleep?
The Belltower
Homework
I am the lone survivor of a virus our military tested.
Blogger Blog Adı Nasıl Değiştirilir ?
Someone ate the contents of my grocery store
An Unauthorized History of Corn Cultivation
The Fruit inside the Wall
Made a poem,hope it's good,all the stuff at the end is just to make word count,didn't want to drag it out and ruin it.
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity (1/2)
The berries are poisonous
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was.
AITA for making a scene during a religious service?
Whistling
There is a museum in-construction near me, and weird things move there.
The Voovoos
You Need to be Careful When You Work as a Salvage Diver.
I Hate Water
The old man and his devil eyed cat.
Knock Knock Knock (Redo Co Written by u/cesly1987)
NoSleep interview with NSLewis!
Stay Away from Cruise Vacations
The Hatch (2)
Captivity Opened my Eyes
The Burned Photo
There's a Cult in My Neighbourhood (Part 1)
I don’t go to pubs anymore.
The Last Unwrapping Part On Earth (Part Three)
the Netflix .T.V. show that takes over your life
In The Dark, Dark World (Part 1)
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 4
(FINAL) I won The Game
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Greed/Gluttony (Part 1)
Creepy trip to the train station
Mrs. Vegas
Bathroom Troubles
I woke up in an asylum, please send help..
My mother died last week today she came back...
Last night, i met jack the ripper
I’m A Vampire and I Investigate the Supernatural. The Police Asked Me To Look Into A String of Murders
The Bloody Dogwood Tree
Did anyone else have a monster?
I once heard the voice of God.
The Screams from the Basement
Our next author needs no introduction
I found a photograph that shouldn't exist
I am happy I won the case.
{Open Tunnel} I'm sending a Message!1!!
I Don't Need Help
An actual encounter with a supernatural phenomenon.
The Silent Sound
I love Shrek
I need help finding a story
Not This Time
Quarantine Crisis
No noise, corpses will hear us.
Is this Paranormal Evidence??? (First Evidence)
Planet of the Undead Gorillas
Nobody believes these anymore, right?
Invaders and death
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 1)
Nowhere Left To Go
I used to be a babysitter...
Here's why you should always skip podcast ads.
The Neighbour
My subdivision is in lockdown and I know why.
Dear Diary, this is Carly from the Bunker
My sister saw a dead woman
My visit to my cabin was going normally, until the blizzard began and someone began screaming my name from outside.
Bearing Fear
Gut instincts dont lie
Something about your (yes, i mean you) Future.
What to Expect When You're Expecting
My parents never told me why we moved, So I found out for myself.
I Am Deathly Afraid Of Dying
Do you know why you can’t sleep...?
Looney Tunes | Foghorn Leghorn on the Farm | Classic Cartoon Compilation...
I hate night terrors!
Thornfield Hall
The Road
Zoya
My girlfriend likes to play
My neighbor is stabding on his front lawn, staring at my bedroom window. He's been there for several hours
Humanoid Creature?
Let me kill you
Nightmare By Numbers - A Tell All (First Entry)
People started missing in my town, I think I am next
I spent the night at an old friend’s house and I thought I would never make it home.
The Shadows In The Corner Of My Eye (part 1)
I thought I wanted to work in the ICU... but now I’m not so sure
I went to see an abandoned church in the countryside... I wish that I hadn’t.
It Skitters
Keep Your Eyes Open for a Good Tutoring Service
There's a man in the woods behind my house
Mr. Jones, and Me
It Wasn’t My Fault, nor the Ghost’s, nor the Ritual’s, nor Mom's
The Black Pills Part 9
Uncle's Birdhouse
Something wants to come inside
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Three
Nightmares From The Depths
And Despair!
Old Hitori kakurenbo Video
I didn't believe in "werewolves," but I spent years hunting one who wept
My old professor part one
I don't want to be one of them.
The Eden Syndrome: Part 6
The shepherd
Oh how the Minster Bells Weep
Please help me rationalize this !!
The Snatcher
I’m a monster that’s hired to hunt other monsters (part 2)
I started a new job as a hotel receptionist and I'm stuck on an endless loop.
The Man in White
The house that ticks
a night alone.
Why I Will Never Go To Japan Again.
There's a monster in the other room. It claims it used to be my wife.
The Runner
Former Kind of Work
I Made My Girlfriend's Dreams Come True
I Take Long Drives When I Can't Sleep. Last Night I Stumble Across Something Horrifying.
No one believes what I saw last night....
I noclipped out of reality and survived.My Brother And I Share Dreams. The Last One Was A Nightmare.
Avenging my dog
Listen To my instructions and you will live
The Day I Met the Archangel Michael
NoSleep podcast
I work the night shift at a convenience store. Every night I see the same weird kids. (part 1)
Die Die, My Darling
The Emergency Room (Part One)
I found a cave system in an interwar building and i regret it.
I'm terrified of sleepovers.
The Worst Experience I had as a Staff of an attraction park
A Dozen of Us Are Trapped in This Ski Resort. I Keep Finding Dead Bodies Outside.
I woke up this morning and the world was enormous.
There’s something wrong with my boyfriend and his parents. Day 3
The Last Walk home by Freddegran
I think i know who the hat man is
Do NOT open your eyes. (The Beginning)My scary story
There are a lot of dogs in my city, what I encountered wasn't one of them.
☆꧁༒𝑺𝒉𝒐𝒑𝒑𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝑺𝒊𝒎𝒖𝒍𝒂𝒕𝒐𝒓༒꧂☆
The Troxler Experiment (Final)
Finding Freedom
Holes (Part 2)
Not a story just a side note
A crazy man with a crazy laugh....
The Internet file ep. 1
Everybody stopped recognising me (part one)
The future of Cryptocurrencies
I crept into the booth, silent as a shadow, shaken and distraught, before whispering, “Forgive me father, for I have sinned.”
I’m still riled up but there is a sound that falls upon deaf ears
My friend just turned 11. We didn't expect a demon to show up at his sleepover birthday party.
My sister sang to all her dolls, but only one of them sang back.
One Step Behind. Part Three.
My house is extremely haunted
My creepy randonautica experience
The Mask
To the Urban Explorers of Ste Marie des Douleurs, Louisiana
Tollbooth
I don't age, and this is how it happened...
If you have read borrasca
The Last Consciousness
A Killer Among the Spaceship Game Show
A Catholic priest murdered my wife and son, but I refuse to reveal his identity to the police.
Why the leaves fall
When You Die, Pray You Stay Dead, Officer.
Something Was Wrong With My Catholic School Teacher
My blinds are broken
That old man next door keeps staring at me
Dark was the Night
The sun is out, But it's dark outside. PT. 2
The Curious House of Curious Children
If you get an invite from this Discord server, don’t join.
*UPDATE* I'm not so sure what this is anymore. At first I thought I was being hacked/trolled/deepfaked for reasons beyond me, but now I don't know. Putting this on record to keep updates as current as possible.
Any haunted/scary places in Michigan?
To those who are hitching rides on I-40, east of Santa Rosa, New Mexico, if you see a beat to hell blue Ford with a covered bed, run away.
The Upside Down
Tooth &amp; Nail - The house smelled of death and now I know why. (Part 4)
I was ghosted by a girl and now I think she's haunting me
Tales From A lonely Motel 7
He didn't seem human.
Woman Murdered By Child Rapists
I received a call this morning from my son. He has been dead for 9 years.
sam
all effort. no value
These walls can talk
My Diabolical Self | Part 10: Nuuk
My Daughter is A Doll {Part 2}
Wake me
TIFU by buying a new chest of drawers
It was not good a good idea going through the woods at nigh.
My Parents Don't Celebrate The 4th of July Anymore
“Angel” came to me last night
Creepypasta- Everytime I close my eyes I see “it”
I was transported into another dimension last night. Or at least I think so...
The Elevator on Floor Zero
A visceral haunted story
Don't Talk to Strangers...You Never Know Who they Might Be.
I don't think my foster sisters are completely sane
Why the hell is someone posting these freaky images on AskReddit??
I Became My Nightmare
Something is going on with the newly created subs of reddit.
I should have quit my job at the movie theatre (Part II)
I work at a zoo. Two nights ago, something broke into one of the enclosures.
I like your house
hour by hour
The Bones of Mars
Someone tried to kill me during a thunderstorm
If anyone can help me find this story I read on no sleep...
Horror in the Forest
i would donate more
Too Many Thoughts
Midnight Mirror
I woke up in a concrete box. Then I had to run. (Part 2)
Dark Figures and a Dog
This is why I sleep with my ears covered at night
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 6 FINAL
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 5
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on.
I thought I was adopted...turns out it’s much more complicated than that.
Black Blobs Part 5
Mental to the bone
im done
That voice
They are watching me.
If the airport wasn’t so empty, I wouldn’t have paid attention to the wandering girl.
Who?
I met the monster in the woods, and there are things out here worse than him (part 3)
Half Rock cave part 2.
Please, I'm Begging You, DO NOT Read This
You’ve heard of hell, I bartended there for a night. Let me tell you, it’s not what you think. Part 1
This Beautiful Life
My friend and I keep hearing strange noises... We are home alone...
A Dark Past Leads To A Dark Ending
Vincent Went Missing 5 Years Ago (PART ONE)
The Girl, the Dog, the Window, and the Painting.
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 6/6
Just look forward, there not real
Sam
my story, PARANOIA
I Used to Make Chiptune Songs
The Toothless Killer
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History, Part 1
The Old House [part 1}
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Final)
I need help understanding what’s going on
Taking a shat.
The Road Kill on Rabbits Run Road
Smoke Break
The camp I worked at burnt down. I feel I can finally talk about what happened there.
I'm a mugger and housebreaker, but there are rules even we need to obey
I know I'll Be Dead Soon
I hear it in the walls (Pt.1)
Something Inhuman is Infecting the Gangs of Chicago (Part 1)
The Theory of Shapes
2:47 A.M.
My name is Boston
Davids
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Third Level
I found a portrait of a faceless man, and now the person who created it.
My Little Eye
Jack
The Man at the Foot of my Bed
I found a tunnel at the end of a forestry service road on no maps and in no records that leads into a mountain with no exit, and thats not the weird part.
The Coldest December Interrogation - December Third
I'm from the Philippines and we tried to visit our hometown on a remote area. We almost never made it out.
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster.
Mystery in Angel Hills - Day Three - Three French Hens
idk what to title this
Portals are so hard to close
My cousin always gets rid of her fatness. Now her fatness is trying to get rid of her.
DNA and a lost dog
Just witnessed something that will keep me up tonight
January 4th 2020
My dog can talk, and I wish he couldn't.
It Chokes Me
An Easter Story
The Day I Heard the Noise
My creepy house (part 1)
The chatroom of ColdOne13 {repost}
My dreams are devouring me
My sister can see things
foudn this unnerving cahnnel
Our basement gives everyone in my family amnesia except me. What happens down there is terrifying. PART 4
I've been stuck in a time loop... but everyone remembers.
I’m trapped in a bunker with a malevolent AI. I must pass 3 trials to be set free. (Finale)
I found a game on r/nosleep
I made a bargain in my teens that’s haunted me ever since
It takes two keys to get back in!
It's coming for me.
How to Survive Camping - what does this campground have against my four-wheelers
I'm a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake- FINAL PART
The Wolves From Hell
I was given a list of rules for college, I wish i had followed them - part 1
Scene #50: STROLL - A rewrite of Suicide MouseScene #50: STROLL (A rewrite of Suicide Mouse)
Why Won't You Smile? Pt.1
I met a traveling salesman selling alternatives to Hell.
I'm a Paranormal Investigator and I Have Stories to Share
Don't Eat in Your Dreams
You need to promise me something.
I have become the first human to make contact with an alien species
Someone is standing outside my apartment, part 2
The Animal Farm is Growing Scarce
People have been ODing in my town. I wish I never found out why.
When you hear the sirens, don't try to escape.
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
Don’t get the pool water in your mouth
A space ship of unknown origin stoped of the sky last night, I'm the clean up crew.
I think my dead grandpa is my guardian angel
My father was an Orthodox priest. What I read in his journal made me question everything.
I got a job as night security on a train. This train is from hell (Part 2)
A Face Only a Mother Could Love
Kafkaesque
He was a bug, He was the Pope
There is a primordial beast within the Gulf of Mexico
Something has been taking a bloody shit in my toilet.
Mrs. Johnson was a middle school teacher.
This man followed me home from work. Turns out he's not human
Fall
The Christmas of 85
My grandfather died before I was born – I met him when I was 9.
the haah
I finally believe in the paranormal
I know where missing people go...but I don't know what takes them.
A personal note on Case #229: My Return
There is something hunting people in the halls of my indoor storage building.
I know the real reason why we left Vietnam (Part 1)
Well, My Neck Kinda Hurts
What provoked him to appear?
I am the end of the world.
If you see these Christmas Carolers, don’t open the door. They are The Christmas Carolers from Hell.
I have discovered Soviet northern expedition documents.
People-Watchers
Big scare
Lost Dog (Part 2)
A Routine horror show part 2
In the Dark with You
I feel like I let my friend down..
The Manikin. Part Two of Two.
I just moved into my first apartment
The Everlasting House
The Ride
Drunk Hauntings (Part 1/2)
Witchcraft. (Part Three - Finale).I gather intelligence on Mexican drug cartels, They're not the worst things out here
My fried chicken-loving demon roommate is back in town from his trial in Hell, but he isn’t here for a vacation. He’s back because someone, or something, is trying to kill me. (Part 4)
I watched The Lion King Live Action today. My local cinema had a tape with extra scenes that weren’t supposed to be seenHauntings
Does anyone remember this story featured on Sixpenceee’s blog way back when?
Curiosity kills the Cat
Innocence
The Blue Man
The universe sings to me
Tales of a lonely security guard pt 2: He who watches
Awesiaki: Chapter Fourteen - The Battle
There is something watching (part one)
I Switched My Desk At Work. Two Days Later, And I Would've Been Dead.
Roll up an A2 poster and put it up to your ears.
The Council Of Nine
I camped in the woods alone, and woke up with a parasite. (Part 2)
A gift from the night
A Perfect New Life
A Drug Called Innocence- ii
Bodies everywhere
I suppose I warned you about my imagination... didn’t I?
I always look up in the bathroom.
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast
I thought she was haunting my dreams, but she was protecting me from him...
I am investigator of inexplicable "Liminal Spaces". These are the tales of Hell's Hallways
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 4.
Dark web group on telegram cost 25$ entry comment if u want sauce
I Found A Note Titled “Pills”
Blood Music and the Guild of Surgeons
My Dad’s Family is… Different
Something truly terrifying is following me around (Pt 1)
Something's Off about this Cooking Blog
I've Been to Area 51: Its Very Bad
I Work as a Janitor at a Catholic School Part 3
An old encounter: Can anyone explain this?
What do they want! (Part 3 of i saw them i swear.)
can't stop thinking about this birdwatching notebook i found
I'm not crazy, they're everywhere
Not much time now not much time
I wake up to messages I wrote in my sleep.
Salinda Mountains
I moved into a rundown apartment complex. There's angels in the attic.
When I was younger, I was told I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm, one night I discovered why. (Part 3)
My boyfriend and I really screwed up -- As a prank we wrote a fake "list of rules" for our dormitory.
The yellow man, the yellow man
13. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I Command The Armies Of Hell.
I Joined The Area 51 Raid..
Warcraft Stalker
No people were harmed in the making of this film.
My Daughter had been trying to warn me for weeks. I really should have listened.
You laugh , You die
Cheapest House in the Neighborhood
This happened a while ago and not even my parents believe me.
Should I send him a snap?
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 1)
The Devil Just Asked Me For Help Pt 2
The Hospital Chapter 1 (My first attempt to write. Any feedback and comments appreciated)
Down the rabbit hole of r/all
The Wrong Dimension Part: 1 The Attic Trap Door
In the woods
Chi è Maurizio Laudicino | Marketing Sportivo in Italia
Never Turn Away A Guest
"Would you like to go back?"
Organ Donor
Please help........ (shadowman)
The man and the corridor
Unexpected guest
My Grandfather Died and His Will Demands That I Kill My Father (Part 2)
I think I’m lost, can anyone help me get home?
Job Interview
Something Is Praying On Our Town
The Area 51 Kid
A Horrific Misunderstanding
The Doctor's In Journal Entry #1
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 6: Cthulhu Boogaloo
A uncomfortably sound 🌙
Floor 7: Suitcases
My Muse
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 5)
Halloween at Mullins Funeral Home Pt. 1
Do not look to the river for comfort.
Recommendations for 1st person female short story
Chapter 1; How i got under investigation by the FBI, Australian police and Gang crew
I was part of a gameshow for the rich people. I have to hide from the things here...
Not sure anymore
Saw The Devil When I Was 5 Years Old
Disney in Florida is hiding things.
Prized Stuffed Animal
GET RICH FAST AND EASYAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Please, take my advice, it may just save your life.
The Wanderers Diary
I moved in to a new neighbourhood and my neighbours are very suspicious
That's all for today, diary. I'll let you know how it goes with Mark!
Sinkful of Teeth
My dogs saved me
Join Boothworld Industries in our West Coast Expansion
The Aphantasia Phantom (Part 1)
are some of these stories actually true?
Beware of the moving key hole
With Halloween approaching, what are some of your real life scary stories?
Our neighborhood has two homeowners associations, but only one of them is for the living
I'm a failed documentary filmmaker. When my mother saw a ghost outside my childhood bedroom, I went back home to make a film about it.
don’t look directly at it
I think I’m in grave danger
The high beams
The Haunted Mansion Boat Ride - Creepypasta
You should stay away from walls on halloween
My reflection was stolen
I woke up from surgery with amnesia. I need to get out.
A Tale of Abortion
I saw a white inexplicable light (part 2)
The Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline; Where Your Next Call Could Be Your Last
I am the last man alive on Earth
The Little League Tapes
Urban exploring is dangerous
The man from the clouds
I think my house is haunted.
The Nightshift
I'm convinced my son killed his dad
My boss is pregnant, but I've already seen her baby
Freddy Krueger Then, Now and Forever
You probably killed someone without knowing it
I'm Joshua Riggins, and I Have A Special Ability (Part Two)
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; Lately the Stuff Kids ask for has me Disturbed
I live in a society of monsters and I think I have became one of them
There's a strange audio playing on my phone and I have no idea where it came from
(1) Message from “Life Support”
I'm an FX artist for B movies, and lately, the actors I work with have been transforming into the monster makeup I paint on them. Part 1
A good man's confession
I Went To See The Moon
The Study ( Fixed Version )
My Daughter Is A Doll... {Part 3}
I work at a hospital that assists supernatural creatures UPDATE 2
I hope this isn't just a dream.
My wife asked me to do the impossible, and I'm afraid it might just be the end of us.
Tinder Nightmares
The Vigilante and Master Thief vs The World (part one) - Cuba
When Darkness Falls
What I Inherited
The reason I became a serial killer (part 1)
One week ago I started narrating horror stories on YouTube. I wish I had never started. The stories I narrate are coming to life and they're growing stronger... I can't stop... I need HELP! PLEASE? (PART 1)
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chili Dog, Here's how he Died
Someone help me find someone important
A Night Run to Remember
Looking for someone:&lt;
Fort Mill Road
Lights?
I Need to Smell the Flowers // Part Two
Truth or dare?
How do you know if you got a ghost in your home
Blood Law (Part Four)
i think my mother isnt my mother
8:00 PM
B R A H P O C A L Y S E (A Tale of Modern Times)
The laughers
Inner voices
Afterclass.
The man at the park
Huhgfdssaa
Mixing 170 : The Random Society Drum &amp; Bass Mix (LONG VERSION)
My Experience with the Ghost Living in My Home
My program at the university has a strange set of rules that we students must follow
I'm bound to a mountain PT2
I’m taking a week away from my husband, but my hotel neighbour is really starting to freak me out
I tried to save the soul of my life long friend.
My friend asked me to test out a new video game and now I'm in danger
I was being held hostage when I was once a guard
Till death do us apart, honey
God help us all
Your revenge is served cold, but mine will be dead the death of you
The Water Mine
A Slice of Life
Stranger In The Night
Dream Demon\
I found a metal box in the junkyard. I think I'm being followed now.
My cousin saw a light.
Wacky's Special Show
I work for a store that sells bodies (part 1)
I'm an archaeologist and I am straight up not having a good time .
Dead Animals in the Walls
I'm a Photographer Specializing in Remote Wilderness Expeditions, I Think This is my Last Job
Bluebell Wood
I’ll never go outside later at night ever again.
Please linaliiis video links
The Door in the Wall
Did you see the tweet about DARPA needing an underground test facility?
My friend is experiencing something weird.
If you ever dream of this tree, DO NOT go near it.
Nobody Will Wash Up On Our Island Ever Again
Addicts
Don’t let your parents retire in Florida. Part 1.
whats happening?!?!
I received my final Amazon order today...
I am a prostitute and I have seen some shit - Part 1
The concert that almost killed me
If you hear the four birds calling in Angel Hills, please do not respond. (Part 4)
The things I don't remember.
My True story of my Grandfather
I need your help please
Dream journal
The Void
Living in the sewers is hard, but this guide has always kept me safe
My past lives stalker
I work at an underground zoo for cryptids (pt 2.)
The Old Gods Of The Forest (Part 2)
The Eden Syndrome: Part 3
My happy ending
I saw something strange
State Fair
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me the single worst thing he saw in his career
Laptop 9
I thought fear had limits.
Please help me. Cant sleep since 2 days.
SOMEBODY HELP I AM SO SHOOK AND SCARED
My name is Soldier 15 part two
My best friend and her brother hunt cryptids for food. Today we called a truce with an opponent.
My little sister says she sees something in her room...
What is death?
For Love:An Original Short Story
A Beautiful Woman Broke Into My House This Morning. She Watched Me While I Slept.
My husband died 3 months ago now, but why the hell is he still here?
It's not the sea we should be afraid of.
The Owners Left Some Strange Rules To Follow
N̶o̶T̶h̶I̶n̶G̶ ̶i̶S̶ ̶a̶S̶ ̶i̶T̶ ̶S̶e̶E̶m̶S̶
I helped a friend, now disturbing things have been happening to me
Never look back when in dark stairwells
I've been trapped in this bunker for 5 years. Please, is anyone out there still alive?
We saw the same thing a year apart.
That darned sleep paralysis...
I let my mom count to zero
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 2)
You have booked a session with entity ??? do you wish to proceed?
Subconscious is the closest thing you have but you should never mess with it
Do you believe in the paranormal? I was skeptical, until tonight
Mary
Why is my sister here? (Part 1)
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Finale)
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 4)
I Think the Anime Club At My Highschool is Hiding Something
Gnome Song
The predator in the forest
EM Stalks me after i buy the last Ice Cream.
The End Of All Things - Chapter 1: "Survive!" Said The Prophet
Before I'm arrested, someone needs to know the truth
My twin brother disappeared. I'm the only one who remembers him.Someone stole my body, and I know who.
I think i moved to the wrong area...(part 3)
A day in March
I Met a Stranger On the Internet and Now He's 66 feet Away For Me
I See the Reaper
I don't live alone
They Sold Love In Letters For "Free"
I'm an elite zombie-hunter with I.G.O.R. - This was the worst day of my life since the apocalypse.
So i couldn't really sleep
Don’t talk to FearGood inc.
We were given an unforgettable housewarming gift.
Okay, I think I forgot something important.
Tall, Tattooed and Cackling
"Momma,what was that?"
I don’t think my parents remember me
The Ding-Ding Man
Something is moving behind the clouds and I'm finally seeing clearly.
A Story From My Father
People keep seeing another me in my home.
I Think I Created a Paradox?
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 6: Shaolath, the Manor That Breathes
My neighbors are weird
Vulgaris
Fuck Showers.
My mum wouldn't tell us what happened "that night", untill now...
Storm Pt. 3 - The Dreadworms
Not here
What Makes Me Afraid
The Story of What Happened After I Inherited My Late Grandfather's Mansion
The Old Woman Behind the Curtain
Why and how I lost my BEST friend
Something was in my room last night
I tried hypnosis to stop smoking
I am going to murder someone in a train station in 20 minutes
The Dream
My friend has been acting really strangely
Today it's one year since our friend died...
Scary Facts PT. 3
Andrea
I'm in an auditorium right now, listening to somebody give a speech. I need to get out of here.
After reading my dead father's journals, I learned his neighbor is harboring a dark secret (Part 3)
Boys Will Be Boys
body in the riverbed
I Disappeared from the Colorado Woods 12 Years Ago (Part 3)
Perhaps a bachelor party on Halloween weekend wasn’t the best idea
The planet is not ours
On second thoughts, I should have eaten from the lunchbox.
The Crooked Man, Verse Two
Winter 5.30am run in the cold, wet and the dark
There's a Terrible Curse Where They're Building the New Mall (Part 2)- A Sisters of 351 Story
i just want some answers
The Horror Attractions are much more real than expected
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part 1)
My dead border collie keeps visiting me
Late nights tale
The figure in the woods
What have been your worst paranormal experience.
I'll make my arrows from your bones. Part Three.
Pounding on the door
Deja vu isn't what you think it is
SAFER [Part 1}
The weird sightings
I stopped at a little chocolate shop on the side of the road. I found something horrible inside
Took Xans n fell asleep at 8
I'm Getting Hungry
I need your help, im opening a nail salon. So u guys know how in todays time its all about the visual / ppl love a good back drop or object like a pink phone a the wall to take pics with for instagram n so on.. any ideas on a prop or back drop that will be good?
My friend named Cecil
July Contest Voting Thread
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal
Colourless green ideas sleep furiously
The Devils Call
The North Winds Part 1
The NoSleep story I read doesn't exist.
The Circle of Lebanon
Why the Angelus sounded at 1pm
Do you hear the sirens
They’re coming
Is this normal
I think someone is living in my basement
Deeper channel on youtube , new clue))))) Help me with last image pls .
My Dog keeps barking at ME.
He found them
The duvet that can protect you from anything
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods (3)
The worst feeling a human can obtain
I watched a webinar I wasn’t meant to see and now I’m in serious trouble
Creepy Bedtime Audiostory
I was just a child when someone stole my reflection.
Skin walls, glass floors
The 13-year-old boy
My Creepy Doll Experiences
A Karen in the Great Outdoors
The Void is coming. Your reality is breaking apart.
The kidnapping war
I’m a Suicide Therapist, But not how you think…
Baku's Bassinet Final (3)
Share Your Local Urban Legends
Dealing Diablo Disappointment
I Cant Find My Voice... Part 1
My Haunting Nightmares !
Welp it’s the 5th time I’m watching breaking bad.
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on. (Part 2)
I started walking home from school. It's been 3 days.
An Angel of Death...?
Martinsville  Herschell's song
I was a Lumberjack.
I am going to be free.
I was attacked by something in the forest
My mother's letter that told the truth about my family (Part 1/7 Series)
Pojo (Part 3)
The day it has gone away
Placed (a short story in the works)
The Witch Of Youth
92M Mortuary Affairs Case File #1
Don’t look in mirrors as night.
I can't do this anymore
The monster that walks in daylight
Foul Farm
Two guys followed me and my mom in the store!
My Friend Went Hiking On Dark Mountain And Never Came Back (Part 1)
A Short Story
My Friend
I've lost pieces of my soul
The mice scratching at my walls
I think I died, my colleague is dead and you could be next.She Won’t Leave Me.
The clear girl that is haunting me to this day I need help
The Ordinary People (Part 1)
I’m a dentist for monsters. This patient was a real old hag.
What's inside of your head, Mr. Bruce?
"Marikie, Marikie..." Don't say it 3 times.
The Eden Syndrome: Part 5
Solve my riddle or she will die. NoSleep, you have 3 days.
I know things. By things I mean that I know the future. Part Four
If you feel an itch at night make sure to scratch it right away
Under the Ground: burying things; digging things up (final)
I didn’t believe the local “forbidden game” urban legend, and now the police don’t believe my explanation about the body.Seed
Praise the Box!
Everyone's been getting rain, except us
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (FINAL)
The figure creeps
Mile Marker Lady
I work in a nursing home, I’m not sure what to make of the strange things that happen on night shift
Nightmare in the Cornfields
The Old Bowman House
The Great Filter
I Think Something is Wrong...
My dog pass away..... I can hear her
My Ghost story.
I've been obsessed with superheroes.
It follows me wherever I go
Me and my fellow soldiers were attacked by something in the forest
I Never Have a Choice
Frame - Beth and Stephen Didn't Elope
Creepy Trump-like voice speaks on the phone I found on the street
I Didn't Believe In Ghosts Until I Met My Husband - Part 1
Strange house
Dingoes are my baby!
This is a true story, and is part 1 of 2. I am 18, and I have severe Asperger's, and I am likely a visionary. Here is part 1 of my story, of the shadow lady.
GOATMAN AND MAN IN THE ELEVATOR !!
The green lake series: Homecoming
How do I get out of this hole?
The Bellstrike at Midnight
I went looking for my uncle in a small town...you won't believe what I found
Proof of a real conspiracy theory involving (possibly) human trafficking
The Pickpocket
My Father is Possessed by My Step Mother

Children and their sweet innocence
Something was talking in the corner of my living room..
I’ll be dead in the next hour if no one finds meSatoshi.chr (Doki Doki Literature Club)
An Encounter With Jin in Indonesia
Daddy and Red
My night walk became a run for my life
Childhood memories
Bobolian
Quick Question About Writing Method
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Part 2)
Awkward
I Wish I Didn’t Go To That Wrestling Match
The Revenants
The Talking Copperhead
I started working the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules (part 3)
Whispering in the Dark
The Burrower
ask me a question
My friend kept sending me weird messages, and now she’s missing.
I’ve been being followed since childhood, I don’t think it’s human
I Think my Sister is Possessed
Check the walls (Part 2)
The Best Corn Pie in The Country
(It wasn’t us) part 2
An earlier post got removed, now I got a PM and I realised something odd
It wants to be born.
There Was A Woman on Stage
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - A wild widow appears!
Your friends in health
Doppelgänger
Wake Up
My neighbor invited me over for beers and showed me the nuclear bomb he built in his basement
A Family Dinner
I'll Be Fine if I Just Keep Writing
Idaho’s Fame
Please...Think Twice Before Your Next Hiking Trip
Steve Harvey is in my house....with a knife
Have you heard this story? I want to know the source. Please come inside.
Too Far To Go Back- YMCYD pt2
Death child on the city bus.
Remembering how to whistle
I found something.
I'll be back on Sunday
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 6
The Bike In The Park
I'm a Mall Santa. I'm scared.
A L1nk t0 7H3 Pa5t
Parasitic Final Moments
World Wide Cannibalism: An Experiment
Time is a human concept
My girlfriend just disappeared.
Someone tried to kill my family
My best friend is a siren and she wants to kill my dad
I believe I upset something I don't understand
A Nail For A Nail
I just sat there crying.
A war has begun. And we are not winning
The Shadow Stalker
If You Can Read This Post, You Should
My parent's mouths opened into a portal, and last night I entered. There are strangers pretending to be my parents (Part 5)
Ignore me ai need to find the tag
the sleepover that haunts me forever
My Pony Boy
The Boy In My Vent
I work for the CDC in Cincinnati. You need to read this.
The school of death
It Came Out Of The Swamp, And Now Its Moving Closer.
How to make a rue
My Daughter the Antichrist
My sleep paralysis wont leave
I nearly escaped a Wendigo, at the cost of both of my parents
If you can’t sleep at 4a.m.
I never found out what his favorite number was
My Great Aunt Conjured Up Her Dead Dog
The one interesting story I have to tell
My Friend Invited Dead People to His 30th Birthday (Part 1)
"WHAT LURKS BELOW" a Lovecraftian Short Horror Story
The Reason I Stay Inside On Halloween
There's Something Stalking My Neighborhood At Night
rl
I'm a security guard who took a one night job for $5000. Biggest mistake of my life.
A Family Matter
I babysat children who played with demonsi
Beware: Believe the stories posted on r/nosleep , otherwise, you will also suffer the same fate as mine.
The reason I didn't sleep this weekend.
The Sarcophagus Underneath The Sands
Incident Report S214-c(3) recovered document addendum
Sick shit in Saudi Arabia , Never felt more threatened .
I saw the bothersome man again today. This time, he had skin.
A letter to the girl from the grocery store
I received a text message from someone who said they could prove the paranormal is real
You Should Avoid Being Homeless in Florida Part One
We lock our doors whenever there's a boneless tide
The Soup Kitchen
I’m busy.“I Rode In a Cab in ‘81 and Was Nearly Killed…
I was on my way to work, when a cat led me into the woods.
A drunk driver killed my wife and I killed my son...
He could feel her again
Falling Flat
The Whistlers
I took my scout troop up north to earn their winter camping badges. I'm not sure what I'm going to tell their parents...
I Wanna Make Amends
There's Something Hunting US Marines in the Desert of California
Creepy House on my streetSomething strange is happening at the hospital I work at. Part two.
Something out there is eating your memories every night. It's my job to remind you, and I won't stop until you escape. (PART 372)
Mr Hopps
I Live At The North Pole(Part 11)
I help out at a local food bank, and on Wednesday we had the weirdest donation
The Growing Collapse
Two aliens are using my heart as a Morse coding device
Maybe the National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Yellowstone
Making A Meal For Six
Nilis &amp; Thana (Life &amp; Death) part one
My Amazon Alexa knows something other sources don’tNot All Scary Stories Happen At Night
The Cryptic Compendium
NEVER LOOK AT THE MIRROR AT NIGHT. . .
I keep glitching and going through periods of time supposedly acting robotic and not remembering
The Figure in the Shadows
No one in my family is normal.
Red door yellow door
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part One)
Ever heard of u/travelingisfun302?
I never realised why I never felt alone... I know why now
We Kept Getting Strange Bouquets, Until That One Night.
I met the scariest thing in the woods
The Mayonnaise Man is Here
I Have Become My Parasite's Personal Marionette
The wardrobe.
Sister won't let me sleep because of discord
The Tomes of Blasphemous Horror
the hotel im staying at has a set of strange rules - (part 1)
I think we picked up a witch on the way to my friend's bachelor party....
Rat Isle
The Angel that Came
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's. Final part.
This is alpha tester #021499 LET ME OUT
My overall opinion of homeless people has drastically changed.
The Hotel ( Story not true ) Part 1
Hair Eater  (final)
I found a journal in the house I just bought
The Cost of Revenge
Mother Nature made Valerian Root smell like an old sweat sock so she could tease Insomniacs at a later date
Why Won't Mommy Believe Me? TRIGGER WARNING: Blood and Violence
Demonic cat memory
I lost my dog in a blizzard
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 4)
The fires that follow the fire exit signs
The clown in the plushies
I had a bad dream.
Never Flush Your Tampons
Don’t Open Your Eyes.
I have sleep paralysis.....
Shared night terror of friend’s transformation
Demons
I'm a Postmates delivery driver based in northwest Las Vegas, NV. I've seen some weird shit.
If you see this , remember the date
I can predict things, sometimes
Scrape.
When Everyone Knows
I photographed the wrong thing when I followed my Mom... Part 1
Tonight, all the stars have disappeared.
Whatever's in that bedroom, it isn't my mom.
The rat tail
A Tree For Every Body
I Have a Big Spider Problem
I can tell I'm not in my own world anymore
A Night In Forest Park..
They told me Ireland was beautiful and peaceful but they never told me about its darker side.
The real masters don't look like monsters
Mysteries in my town
I'm a private investigator who has strange cases
They always return (Part 1)
A job left undone
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana
So your friend ask you. Watch me sleep if anything crazy happens or I try to leave wake me up or hit me just don't fall asleep! What is your response?
Looking for my missing sister (Part 1)
Help I Need to kill this thing.
Making Believers Out of Them - And Me
Be careful clicking on pop-up ads
My Group Partner Was Obsessed With Me
Instagram account can hear me and my friends through a ps4 party and knows personal info somehow?
La cigua
Old Man Gumpy, Old and Ugly
Someone is breaking into my house and cleaning my dishes when I'm not home
A Day In My Shoes
The Smoking Man
The Bermuda dark plague PART 1
Lauren's Last Text
I am a retired Private Investigator turned Real Crime Blogger. I have been receiving anonymous manuscripts in the mail detailing heinous acts of appalling psychopathy. The first Manuscript was titled, "High School."
I'm a virologist. Something just happened in our lab.
A camp called neverwinter.
I accidentally disturbed a ritual. I think I'm in danger.
A sPoOoOoOpY story (true story)
Someone placed a mysterious box on my doorstep, and now my life has changed forever.
I found some disturbing Easter Eggs in a nature documentary programme I was watching.
curse of the deathly sword trailer (comedy/horror story)
I found two cameras in Yosemite - Pt 5 *Final*
A Recent Pest in My House
Bloody Sheets
How to Survive Almost Anything
the horned shadow
My Tinder match took me to an underground restaurant for our first date. I think I’m lucky to be alive.
light off part 1
The Tall People.
What happens to all the calls we miss?
I boarded a train to nowhere with one other passenger.
In 2013 I found a railroad spike that enabled me to time travel. I didn’t understand it, so I threw it in the Pacific Ocean. Well, I just found it, near the Atlantic Ocean, and now I want to understand it
Reality Check
Family Dinner
The hidden violin
My friend's grandpa died so I helped him organize his things. We found what may be the most unsettling PSA I have ever heard in my entire life. Audio included.
My Diabolical Self | Part 4: Just Two Junkies
The Twisted Knob
my gf is messing up my life
I hadn't seen the moon man since I was a child
I'm A Patient In A Psychiatric Hospital. Something Is Very Wrong Here.
Tales from and unmarked town
The Siren's Song
The Beast still exists
The girl of my dream
My brother died two weeks ago. He left something terrifying in his room.
First draft of a creepypasta I'm working on. Would love some feedback
Im part of a Militia that deals with the paranormal | pt. 1 |
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It
Something other than Voudou pt.1
I camped out In the woods and what I saw scarred me for the rest of my life part 1
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 6)
Gary loves to eat
My new workplace has cameras in every cubicle.
The fatal sleep phenomenon (part 1)
Substitute. (Part 3)
I can’t seem to wake up from my sleep paralysis
I Am A Time Traveler From 2033
Please Don't Buy These Noodles
I Work as a Janitor at a Catholic School Pt. 2 The History
He's watching me all the time... but I can't see him and I don't know why.
Memoirs of quarantine
My mother is a prison nurse. I found this recording in her room.
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel, I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories
Goodbye
My summer house and the old man from down the road.
My Dog Rio
The Bug
Saw a weird thing last Friday 11/30/20
Family first.
Think
Something Is Wrong With My Mom (pt 1)
Ghosts in the Road
They are Coming this might be my last post
If you see yourself being followed by a burnt man, lock the doors and stay inside.
The Keymin Part 2 The Keymin's Home
There Was No Axeman in New Orleans, Only The Shredder PART 2!!! FINAL PART!!!
Mr. Cooper's Lawn
The man in the corner of the room
There was an old barn close to where I lived when I was younger one day me and my brother went to investigate. it went horribly wrong. (part 1)
I'm an Illusionist by trade, My Days of Freedom are over
Mr Jones Fan Fic
I'm a Contestant in a Survival Game Show, and I Think the Host is Trying to Kill Us
I was a first responder to the 9/11 attacks. What I saw wasn't what I expected.
I NEVER expected for something like this to happen at a customer’s house Part 2
A good story to tell: How to sell your soul to the devil
The Midnight Truck of Bell County
My Confession.
This is a real event that happened while I was driving for Uber a few nights ago. I was told to post this here after I replied to a question on the Uber sub.
not everyone gets a 'happily ever after'
He sounds like rain
There are 4 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Through Sloth comes the greatest tragedies.
I BABYSIT MY COUSIN EVERY SATURDAY UNTIL HE TOLD ME SOMETHING THAT MADE ME STOP
So if 2 blind people fuck and have a baby, who’s going to watch it??
We go over the entire timeline of Andrei Chikatilo. From his birth in 1930s Ukraine to his eventual execution in Russia. He killed and dismembered his way through 50+ victims. I had never heard of him and as you can see... I was shocked at his story!!We Unearthed an Ancient Evil frozen in the Andes- Final
I went to the doctor for a cough and now people in suits are trying to kill me
Now that I think about it my home town had some bizarre things about it.
I was a Search and Rescue Pilot Something Stalked me through the Night
Joseph Never Smiled
The faucet
I play the same game every night with the static in my closet.
The day I had to say goodbye to my dad.
There is a hidden lab for mind experiments. If you ever find yourself there, you're screwed.
Plantation exploring
There's something staring through my bedroom window, help!
I suddenly remember something about my childhood that I thought I had forgotten, and I needed to speak about it.
just joined
My sister wanted to switch beds
I Am A Subject For Drug Testing And I Would Like To Send You All A Message From The 2070s.
Sex Slave
I Can Hear You
My city was cut off from everybody and I think I’m the last to live.
I’m reviving this sub and almost nobody will see it but god damn it I wanna tell somebody.
I went to my best friends house and I regret it
My best friend went missing 35-or-so years ago
gallows hill 5 // the little village of middlebury
Listen to those Lyrics
The Door To My Mind
Thought I would share this here.
This is the story of how I got hacked
The disappearance and reappearance of Ernest Gerrault
The School Experiment. I am trapped in my own school
The Maintenance Man
And they wonder why
Don't Tempt Fate 2 – Inspector Jimmy
New Position! Personal Assistant Wanted. Part 2.
The Three Rules You Must Follow To Survive A Night In Our Coastal Alaskan Town
I got a job as night security on a train. I'm gonna die on this train (Part 3 )story by - not_neccesarily
She licked my cheek
I told a Ghost Story at the Eden Retreat, now it’s coming true
Couldn’t sleep last night
Sci-fi short story web site help
Hi guys... Check out my first video on the chanel ... We explored abandoned child hospital :) check out what we found there
My stomach sank as I realized that there was one place I hadn’t checked, and that has made all the difference.
The house i grew up in / part 1
Feeding Stray Cats
I tripped into something and can't get out.
We didn’t save the cicadas, WE will give you back.
HAVE YOU SEEN A MAN DRESSED AS A CAT WEARING A HAT?
The Reaper Is Not Here
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes
The Shadow Man That Followed Me
I can’t sleep
Overnight camping: there are other creatures at the tree house
Something sleeps in my shed
Listen to the sounds of your own extinction.
Tales Of The Overseer: Torment Of The Lost Souls
The girl with a broken mirror who went to bed early
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 10
We need to get out, but someone just came in.
My stalker(s) are becoming a problem
My husband is an abusive cult leader who reads my mind
Darcy Drowned
I Took A Job On A Fishing Boat, We Caught A Mermaid
The scratching
These Pills Control Me
My Unwilling Contribution to Science
Power Tools for Authors
The Gameboy advanced SB
AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAAAAAAA AAA
I See You
Hello Nosleep
ticking sound in wall???
Occurances Nearby
My roommate has been acting weird. I think she is a Japanese legendary creature.
I’m getting messages carved into my feet. I’m confused
My girlfriend hit a “deer” on the way home
NEVER stay in room 06!
Shh... don't let the dolls hear you. (part 1)
a friend died because of me
I don’t know if I’m awake anymore
I am the last speaker of a forbidden language (Part 1)
I crossed the void and now their laughter is everywhere
My dad invited me to stay with him for a week
I think my world is shrinking.
This video should have never contained a paid advertisement
Dungeons and Dragons Pt.1
My bff has a creep
Don't scare the kids
My husband doesn't love me anymore.Run, so that I might give chase
Lice
The Dancing Plague
Please remember to close your closet door at night
You Suffer, But Why?
A Surrogate Showed Up At My House and Said She's Carrying My Baby- I Never Hired One
Never play hide and seek in a cornfield.
There’s a box in the middle of my street.
Listen
I Can't Fucking Die
i think something is wrong with me.
Someone to Watch Over Us
100 Afterlives
The missed girl
My Perfect Mattress Came with Rules
Writings of a shell of a man.
My twin brother and I are hunters. There was something wrong with my brother's ex-girlfriend.
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town A Week Ago. It Never Stopped Raining.
I’m getting sick and tired of the Eden Retreat
It watched me from the dark (a possible series)
I found something in an abandoned office building and now they're after me
Water is rising up to my chin as I struggle to keep my head up.
I inherited a Wild West model town. I teamed up with my father's killer.
If you hear teacups clinking outside your house at 3 AM... Don't go outside.
The Rainy Days In Our Apartment
I Wish I Didn't Wake Up
A Just reward
There was a ghost in my first house
The statue in the corner
Have You Sprouted Any New Bones?
Don´t listen to kids cries downstreet
I visited an abandoned water park in Nebraska. I think something came home with me.
I hint monsters for a living, here’s what I’ve seen

Something in the Central Oregon woods
I woke up in a different country and we need to follow these directions to survive
black figure down the road
Don't believe their lies, never let them forget
I can't remember anything past 2:59AM
My worst ever job interview
ENTRY 82, Acre Woods.
I got a job at a secret government facility, I got my first "assignment" today. (2)
I dreamed that my mother and I were dead
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 03
There's something strange in the fog
something is destroying me and i need help
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station  FINAL
I stayed at the weirdest lake
It can happen to anyone, anytime
I found something new under the sun, but now I wish I hadn't
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Apparently, having no Christmas spirit can be fatal
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Rule #8: Singing can make your head explode. And no, I don't just mean getting a headache from bad singing on American Idol
The Brain Eater (Part 1)
I'm the Night Guard at a Local Mental Institution; Can Someone Please Make the Voices Stop?
That’s wen I saw it....
The rain-walking man
I woke up in a different body.
When you feel like something is watching you from the shadows, RUN.
May 2020 Voting Thread
It can’t be real, right pt1
The God Bump
We're haunted by a ghost -- thousands of feet below the surface
Sissy is Sleeping
Our Science Division Discovered that Our Universe is a Cell in a Massive Celestial Being. They know about us too.
I'm a FBI agent working a case in San Francisco. I've never seen anything like this in my 30 years in the bureau. If you've got answers, please throw 'em my way.
I love it when they keep me guessing...
Everything is NOT okay.
I don't know how else to explain this, but what I saw was no animal known to man.
Can you hear it too?
Passenger Part 1
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here...
Falling Apart, Together (X-post /r/shortstories)
I've been trapped on an island my whole life
One of my stories was picked up by an online streaming service. The terms are a little strange though.
My Dearest Friend
I didn't believe in ghosts or spirits... until now.
CREATING A POLICE STATE
I don't remember how I died. All I need is my computer password.
Bodies Are Growing in My House
The augmentation ritual.
I can see the reflection in my screen
Hide from the figure out the window sill
The ghost in my house is trying to kill me (Part 1)
SuperMarket Memoirs 1: Clean-up In Aisle 12
My Study in Crimson
I went for a late night walk, got chased home by something. Who/What was it?
Someone Steals my Dance Instructor's Shoes, And They Scream When I Find Out.
My Diabolical Self | Part 3: The Other Self
The Spooks (Part 4)
The plastic bag man
I became so thin I couldn’t walk
Wheel of fortune
The prongs of my umbrella are sharp
&lt;Run&gt; NADAPROTOCOL/REprobate Initiative .1
The day i met Mark and Bob
witches?
Cotton Candy Birds
Best Single-Part Story of 2019 Winners!
Inexplicable events in my father’s old home
I thought she was The One,she was something else.
My Vivid and Unresolved Dream
It's time
If a Faceapp rep asks you for $1000, pay them
Dont get lost in new, please.
I was assigned to a medical legend and it ended more than my career.
There's something weird going on with homeless people in my city...
The Hitchhiker
I Live in an Uncharted Country (Final)
It was late and it was dark
The Old Brimstone inn, The best place to spend eternity.
too much information
Well Dressed Theater
The man in the storm
I think my wife and kids are actors (final part)
My dad and brother seen the devil
The Smile Man
Walter
My dolls keep coming alive at night
The Old Man On The Bench
the man in the park
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason. Final Part
I met a minor and a week later, I was killed
The Toll – Part II
No War Crime Goes Unpunished
I need to move out
BEST, PARTY, EVER!... Except for the human eating demons. (Side A)
The church of Ba-Yarul: Absolute Loyalty
Gráinne
As a travelling convention planner, I've stayed at many hotels over the years. One in particular will haunt me forever.
What's that dancing man scary story??
Strange Men.
PARALYSIS
Selective Paradise
Abandoned (Part 1)
I think my uber driver was apart of a cult.
LATEST FUD PDF AND DOC EXPLOIT
I had a real bad day
My cum glove tried to kill me!
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 4)
My friend got me started on a new fad diet, but I’m growing concerned about the rash measures advised by the program.
All my life I’ve lived in fear of constant war
Little Handprints on the Mirror (Part 3)
My name is Sam. If you're reading this: don't look for me. Pt. 2
A Real Superhero (Part 4)
Monster on the Moor
New narrator needs help
The Executioner
SCP-696/The Reflection Demon
They Say When You Die, Your Memories Flash Before Your Eyes. They Never Say Someone Takes Them.
The Bedtime Game
A pedophile was after me
The hospital I'm in is being raided. We can't leave.
Scary story.
Haunted. (real)
The disturbing christmas presents
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan. Part.1
I Arrested a Hooker, She Claims she's a Succubus
We peer pressured a girl to jump from a rooftop into a pool, and we have paid the price for our wrongdoing.
The 9 legends of Rance's Avenue: 2 - The Pied Piper
Lessons
I Saw Something In The Ice Storm
Late Callers
Spousal Support
when i say this i am 100% serious and it actually happened...
Don't ever "Annie Leibovitz"
I’m Afraid Of My Reflection
A Silent Night on Christmas Eve.
So I spent 10 hours mining in Minecraft (Using max Netherite pickaxe)! Here are some of the results! Full loot breakdown can be seen in my YT channel!
Strange faces under LockdownTales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part One
I found my brother after 2 years, Im oregty sure its not him.
The Skinned
Them - Part II
You want to go back... You need to go back...Something happened 65 million years ago, and I need your help to stop it! PART 3/3
Pigeons
The unnatural orange glow
The Oofla
I think the doll in the museum I work at trying to kill me
Room 268: That I See, But This I Sew
Mysterious uncle gave me a necklace and I can't get rid of it.
Woman Ran Towards My Window
I'm a nurse, and I work in a department that no one is allowed to know about..
First Allie, now Charlie. I swear to God these assholes at The █████ Organization will drive me mad
Words of Wisdom
Pumpkins Make Me Drink 2
I Recently Started Working for the United States Census Bureau; I Came Across an Hole in my Route
I'm an International Arms Dealer and I Met Death
"The secret nature of the vampire Zed" Part 1 translated my writing to english
Why I will never go outside at night alone again.
Enoch's Ridge (Part 1)
Hatred
Chilopoda
Order of the Dragon: Part 01
My friend was taken by HIM. It's my fault.
My first experience of a break in.
Muffled screams
I'm Trapped Inside my Apartment. Please Help
I have to help a ghost in a lot of trouble
I’m on a baseball card, but I’ve never played baseball
i keep getting facetimed from a group of phone numbers?
(Part 7) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. The girl in the woods...
The blue eyed devil
All My Pretty Things Die
(PART 2) I Found An Old Cabin 100km Inwards of Nothing but Forest.
The Little Grocery Store Off State Route 1 That Saves The World
Chronopasta presents
The Roamer
The tramp who broke in for whisky
My Police Academy is Haunted
The thing that follows me is getting stronger (2)
You want a ride?
Why cant Murdered people hold their breath on TV
Need Help (I think I am being stalked)
The statue at my Church moved
Porcelain
NoSleep Interview with RichardSaxon!
My friends are disappearing and I haven’t been able to find them since.
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 5 of 6)
Why I stopped going down to the basement
my experience
June 2020 Voting Thread
There was a storm in my town. I don't think it was a normal storm...
A Creature I Met in my Childhood is Coming Back for Me
My experiments in sensory enrichment.
Ok so I just saw some strange **** it’s 4am And some guy just dropped something on my neighbor’s door?
We don't want to go back down there
I used to work nights
Has Anyone Else Noticed the Spiders?
Sleepfall Chapter 2: House In The Void
The government had to reduce my daughter's freedom and rights for her own protection
The lights have stopped shining
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, I don’t know when I am going back to that house. I don’t know if I want to. The "Thing" in my dream came to Earth
There is something hiding in a mine in the Mangi amazon
The subworld is leaking through our reality, it's like they aren't even trying anymore
Nothing is true. Everything is permitted.
"ONE HOSPITAL PATIENT FREAKED ME OUT"
Grandfather's Discovery: Part Four
I'm Not So Gullible Anymore.
Lethal Infection
Can I narrate your stories?
BOOK TITLE IDEAS NEEDED!
My dog is immortal, and we share a very special connection that defies scientific explanation
What my girlfriend told me the day we broke up
The Infinity Room Experiment
The Age of Enlightenment
How I melted down Death
I played the elevator again
Penpal
I had a dream about a Wendigo...
I Took A Picture of A Creature Deep in A National Forest
Social murder
That's Not My Grandfather Anymore (True Story)
Urban Foxes
They say there's leeches in the lake
My Protectors
The Mickey Mouse boy
My friends went into a haunted house and I don't know if they came back out
I ignored an emergency alert and paid the price.
a very competent hacker
I met two of my son's friends. They told me something I'll never forget, and now you need to know too.
My grandad used to come to my room at night wearing a mask. Now I know why. Part 2.
The Corruption of Power
A Forbidden Love
What did I just walk into?
My worst new year's eve in "Hell" de Janeiro.
Apghebecqf.com
SuperMarket Memoirs 2: Paper Or Plastic
If this is true then Corona is least of our worries.....
Fefe t he ghost
I Let a Star Control My Dreams. I Don't Know How To Make It Stop (Part 1)
My girlfriend turned out to be my stalker.
Sent as SMS
I saw a mini doppelganger of my uncle
My Town Was Attacked By Airborne Fur less Dog Monsters, I'm Locked Up In My Air Raid Shelter Unsure of What To Do Next
I am Mastema
Please, someone help me! Something’s standing on top my car!
Our lives are decided by a roll of a d10
playtime
There is something stalking me and my fellow soldiers in the forest
Something's wrong in Oregon. I think it's spreading.
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 8)
Head in the Sound (photo evidence)The Shroud from the Abyss.
Workplace relationships are always so messy
Empty Witness
If you go hunting in Yansa's territory, make sure to follow its rules
I was woken up in the morning by a noise at my brother's bed
August
My apartment
the call
Feeling uneasy
A Coyote In The Trees
Rules of the Forest and Grandmother's Reindeer
The Ticking Clocks
I Don’t Like The View From My New Office
Don’t go in the big room after 3am
We have to go now, Don't listen to the voices and don't look at the security feed.
Sleep Paralysis &amp; the Shadow
RedditNewbie
Discovering Red Vines
My Family is Cursed- Part 2
the story of the white van
I have six minutes before "someone" takes over my life.
Scared Timmy or tommy Halloween special ?
A school lockdown is happening. The intruder isn't human.
Terminal Velocity
The Highway Man
Overnight camping: week 7
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
VHS 1
4 miles or: The Rule of Two.
Fun-House
Wild end of Jason dix
Your skin is just a piece of permanent clothing
The Wriggling (Part Two)
Here I stand- 1.Seeing Anew
I think my neighbour is trying to put a spell on me - part 3
It Preys on the Comatose(Part 1)
Sleep Problems are Associated with Brain Dysfunction, Study
Someone Knocked on the Elevator Door
He was watching us from the field.
Who Visits a Grave On Halloween?
Battle for Luna Base 1952
I found a set of rules on Reddit a couple months ago and I don't think I'm the only one.
Our Missed Connection
Weird experience in school
This is the shortest horror story you could ever find..
I'm Not Crazy
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (part 1)
short story
Hunters: Death-Touched (pt 1)
I used to be very BEAUTIFUL.
Manhunt...
What the hell was on that trail camera?
My dead sister is trying to climb out of old photographs
Sleep paralysis or malicious attack?
Tell me your true accounts of witnessing someone trapped in a death sequence
The Phantom at St Dymphna's Psychiatric Hospital.
I'm an actor. The death in my play is real.
At Peace
I wanted an adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
I see a different face in the mirror every morning.
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (3 - finale)
No Name November.
The first encounter
The laughing wasn't alarming at first until I realized, I was the only other girl in the house.
I'm going to be on the next season of 'My Strange Addiction'
My earliest childhood memories
Roommates
He wakes up at 6 and go to work till 12 AM only to be rewarded accessing the WiFi for 2 hours only.
The Screams...
The absolute BS I have to deal with on my property(pt.1)i feel what i cannot (part 1)
Sirens..
Roadkill
He's Never Returned
Thanatophobia
Hall of Fortune
The Mermaid war
The Dream We Are
A game of chance
Going into an abandoned mansion turns out to be the worst thing to do
My husband has been missing for a few days
My friend sent me some funny hacked audio recordings. He might've missed listening to the last few files
Family nightmare
The thing in my nightmare is real. And nobody believes me
The mirror in my hallway broke.
Someone’s Upstairs
please help. there has been the same black van with black out everything that i have seen for the past 2 weeks l. i dropped a friend off at her house last night and there it was. last week i went up to boulder and saw it. the same night at mcdonald’s i saw it. i see it everywhere! why?????
I think "something" is following me
I think the roommate who catfished me is a demon from hell.
I woke up from a nightmare and now I'm the only one left
I used time travel to save my fathers life. Now I wish I hadn’t.
I never liked the outside of the house, but when i saw the inside, the outside was like a flower garden
The Reaper of Mission Lane- SEPTEMBER 25, 2018.
The Choice Experiment. Is there a purpose to free will?
I can’t keep closets open here’s why
It was not a sleep paralysis as I thought
I’m developing musophobia
New Horror Anthology Series based on your favorite NoSleep Stories
During one of life's most precious and coveted hours of the day, the lunch break during work, My coworker once said, "I don't know how much longer I can take this," venting her pain and frustrations about our Boss.
You have been Warned.
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why.
My father sent me with a letter to an 'old friend' in the woods. My life will never be the same again.
I should have never moved into this house (Part Two)
I had a disturbing conversation with my neighbour’s 10-year-old son.
What To Expect When You're Not Supposed To Be Expecting
I’m Kind Of Freaked Out. Help? (Not fictional)
About a year ago my wife and I visited this place called the "Magick Sanctuary". She insisted.
I work on an inpatient psych ward
My Friend’s Family Is Possessed
A ticket out of hell
My friend wanted to prank me with a mask, but things ended up very different.
Every time I got an exorcist the rent got higher
I'm a sensible being.
The Chronicles of the Souvenir Shop
And so, the little black house at the end of the hill stayed there. Stalking. Waiting.
All I hear is screaming and I don’t know how to escape
They Took Me To A Mental Hospital Where People Disappear Every Thursday Part 1
The Hearing Aid
The Irish Lass
My wife says our baby is sleeping.
Her Name Was Eleanor And Death Followed Her
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 11, Finale)
Something is very wrong with my neighborThis strange man just entered my Diner.
The hot to not list.
I’m scared to leave my baby brother alone...
My dentist put something inside my gums during my wisdom teeth removal.
I saw the Devil
Christmas Eve-il
Hailstorm
Forget Me Not
My plane should have landed 3 hours ago.
The Loop
I bought a camera last week and something is bothering me
The Frozen North (Part 1)
You probably dont realise we’re real
My Neighbor Likes To Waste Water
I’d like to tell you something
A Family Vacation Gone Wrong
From A Dark Cloud, She Came (NSFW)
My Roommate is a Haunted Doll (Part 5)
I’m part of a rescue mission, in an underground cave… on the search for a missing girl.
Shōkan On'na (Original Story)
Level 4 Test Lab Transmission 20615/22-2
First Day of Hell - Orientation (Part 1)
Two years ago my friends where taken by the fae of White Hills. Now, I’m coming for my revenge.
Welcome to JBS International
The Face Game
A former friend on Discord has threatened to commit a murder. I'm doing something drastic to stop them.
Ntris: The game that makes you feel things
Whatever i do, it just won't come off!
Possession (Real story)
Black Friday Brawl(Part 2)
China blames CIA for feminizing Asian Men
Sooo I'm being followed by a human I think... Help
The darkness From My Youth
I Shouldn't Have Seen What Was On That Flash Drive
My Neighbour is Possessed
The Back Rooms
Dirty Date
Why I don't sleep
"Here Teddy, Teddy, Teddy-Bear!"
Imagining monsters
The Canopy and Stars will kill you.
My friend is from Japan, and he almost got raped by a kappa.
Kiraz Family and Friends - LIVE - Hindi Stories For Kids | Moral Stories...
Room 199: Our Lady Luck and the Devil's Door
I befriended a strange little girl at the park and it left me very confused...
I found someone's diary in an erotica novel
Doors Between Doors.
The Garbage ManA Storm Unleashed a Reign of Terror on my Boating Excursion. If You Could Call it "Just a Storm..."
Please keep your mask on at all times.
And I Was Ghosted
I wake up with a new cut everyday. I think I might know why.
I am a shopowner. I sold a city for a coin.
Nosleep Posting and Commenting Guidelines - Read Before Posting or Commenting!!!
The Collector
Let Me Tell You About Nothing
I think I woke up in another dimension.
My Daughter Was Possessed by a Demon
You ever look at a picture of spiders and feel spider crawling all over you... That’s because they are
What was it they used to say? It's bad luck to cross paths with a black cat.
I want to take things to the next level, but the girl I’m in love with has some pretty big red-flags
Pound of Flesh
What’s behind your ear?
I used a oujia board in school and something followed me back
Dnepropetrovsk's maniacs
If you have information on the disappearances of these 5 teenagers please contact Bexar county police department at......
I'll Never Spend the Night at my Sister's House Again.
The Room Behind the Crawlspace
My Experience in a Coma
Drop your creepiest/scariest &amp; weirdest most unexpected experiences below
طريقة عمل دجاج بالكاري
Storyteller and the Doll with the Red Scarf
The mind is dangerous
I Don’t Know
Just showing some support
I Just Moved into a New House - Something Isn't Right
I Always Thought the Creature My Grandpa Called the Fire-Shy Was a Myth
My new house
It was just sleep paralysis... I couldn't convince myself.
Weeping Wilson
She came, she went, she took part of me with her
We found something terrible in space
There's something in the woods around the cabin Pt. 1
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 2)
The TVs talking to me again.
I went on a murder rampage but trust me it wasn't me
My Boyfriend Worked for the Government, Now He's Disappeared
Haunted Message
My Neighbor's Kid Stays Up Late
The Wrong Girl
The Trolley Man
My Scars Scream : The Whisperer
I met the Real Santa...
Aswang in the Countryside
I think I had a spirit lurking in my closet...
A Simple Game of Hide and Seek
Diary Entry 01 - The Beginning
That Thing
How I got in shape for my dream job
The Fingernail
The Case That Keeps Me Up at Night, Part 7: There's a Science to Walking Through Windows
Of all the things I've seen, this one takes the cake...
My family don't remember things I do
My new employer gave me one rule. I should've followed it.
My Cat Nibbles.
How Almost Going Blind Brought Me Closer To Figuring Out Why Texas Teens Are Staying Awake For Months On End: A Psychedelic Horror Detective Field Report.
I just found the letters my best friend and I used to send each other when he moved away. I wish I hadn't.
Every morning I wake up to the sound of my mechanical keyboard
Giant man trying to get through doorframe
Unnatural yellow glow
Stuffed Animals Are a Dangerous Breed
There is something terrible in Sri Lanka's rainforest you shouldn't know about... (PART 2)
My dead father's journals led me to a house that shouldn't exist
Where do I go when the lights go out?
Something Has Been Killing My Childhood Friends
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 2)
A Park Ranger's Tale
Mortem Tarram : A Warning
If you know they're dead, do not follow their voice. It's not theirs anymore. The Imitator
I think my half sister is trying to kill me
My Neighbor and I Went Into Apartment 351. Nothing's Been the Same Since.
a secret octopus on a boat
Voices ¿
Car Chase?
Every night at 1:26 AM a portal opens outside my home. Let me tell you what has come out of it. Part 1
My town is a little strange (part 10)
I Told Myself A Joke In My Dream
(FINAL) Did you get the alert?
Can somebody recommend any old Creepypastas that you found seriously messed up? Im bored lol
life is a lie and there is no way out, good luck!
I moved in with a dominatrix. Now she's ruining my life!
Within The Caves
My Interview with a Psychopath
The Nightshade
The Good Die Badly
The Flesh Man (Part 2)
Something is devouring realms
The Virus Wars
I just moved and so far I'm liking this place
Creative writing school field trip, sounds fun enough...
Letter from Pvt. Pyotr Avtukhov, a participant in the Battle of Husiatyn Woods
I’m part of a rescue mission, in an underground cave… on the search for a missing girl.
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE (P.2)
The Last Thought Through my Mind
Not a fairytale after all (Part Two)
Rainfall: Guardians
‘Twas the Second Night Before Christmas and all was Quiet
Experimental Addiction Cure:
I Saw a Strange Creature in My Bathroom
A “thing” took my girlfriend and is after me, please help
The Cursed Home
I can faintly hear my voice being called every night.
Sometimes It Isn't A Motorcycle Driving By At Night
Bdbdvc
Just your average Tuesday.
There is no Light in Heaven
I investigate shady financial transactions, and I need to warn you about a product called Natural Magick
They lied to us, and now we have to play their game.
Never stay out late.
I can’t leave this subreddit
I’ll always be there for you... copy and paste
What is your greatest worldly fear?
Spongebob Training Video
I work at a Supposedly Haunted Daycare (Part 1)
It was dark and it was spooky
The Bottom of The River
The Girl In The Green Dress
The day I discovered immortality
This creepy tune has followed me around my entire life and I CAN'T figure out what it is...
The Empty Courtroom
I Cannot See Beyond the Windows. (Part 2)
If you ever wake up at night, never look outside your windows
I named my cat after my ghost
How the nightmares of my childhood saved my family from getting murdered.
&lt;&lt;attachment-401-210-22&gt;&gt;
I thought I lost you
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry Four (Part One) - Old Friends, New Enemies
Tell me lies sweet little lies part TwO
I had a very scary dream but it wasn't a nightmare (pt. 2)
My mom was replaced but no one seems to notice.
Rumors
"Heros"
My friend went missing in a sewer, and he was not alone
I'm like, 95% sure my siter is a witch. Oh, and the devil's coming for her soul.
God is Satan's Favorite Demon
(Update #2) Did you get the alert?
My Recluse Aunt Left me with more than a Fortune Upon the Discovery of her Body
I bought a mystery box off the dark web. Things are getting creepy.
The Elysian Tapes
I’m Haunted In My House
Three Days In Hell - Easter Monday
My Name Is Joe And I Guess I'm A Doll Or Something Now
If you ever plan on visiting Grand Canyon National Park, Never go out past dark
So what if I killed my parents ?
Corrupted Reality: What lies beneath our civilised utopia.
I think I found a killer’s diary (part 1)
I’m part of the monster extinction agency
We stormed Area 51... 26 years ago
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Eleven)
I was Raised in a House without Mirrors
Logical explanations to twelve 'supernatural' occurrences
My friend's new sculptures are unbelievably lifelike
The Devil Family
A Subtle Nightmare
Can you feel Them?
Something dwells in the waters of St.Petersburg
Dead Children’s Playground
I became a monster
I broke the forest rules..
I came home to see a note with instructions on my front door
I think my security camera is watching me
To See a Siren Head
Someone is trying to ruin my roommates life.
My Patient is a Parasite (Part 2)
The silence before rest.
I think my mom is planning to kill me on my eighteenth birthday (Part 2)
so its 5 am and im here thinking on what in the world am i going to do tomorrow
Blackwoods Bend Part Ten - The Only Survivor
I Got a Job Aboard a Luxury Cruise Ship. It’s Been a Few Days and the Other Employees Won’t Stop Crying.
With The Dark.
There is a thing living in the Louisiana woods.
Code Blue
When my sister was born, the nurse in the room started speaking tongues. This is one of my Father's stories of encountering angels, demons, and otherworldly beings.
Hot after No Sleep
My strange neighbor seems to know an awful lot about the red liquid dripping down my basement wall
An Insomniacs Monsters
Please Wake Up!
The streets are empty.
Help me, it knows.
Issue #323
I took a plane to another dimension
My NES was the last thing a man touched before he was murdered
The Hooded Man Won't Stop Following Me
Disneyland has been open for 5 days now. But not to the PUBLIC...
Does it matter what you read before bed?
How to Survive Camping - old habits die hard
I woke up from a dream
How to Summon A Silver-Tongued Demon.
My therapist told me to write out my dreams.
If you can read this, please reply to this post
Mirror Mirror on the wall, where in the fuck has my reflection gone??
They Took Me To A Mental Hospital Where People Disappear Every Thursday Part 3
I Didn't Know Lone Deer Was an Anagram Until it Was Too Late, But it Doesn't Matter Now
I can't Trust my Memories
I Found A Recipe Box Service On The Dark Web
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 2)
Someone left a bunch of old TVs on porches in my neighborhood
I tried getting some water and medicine late at night, now im in my own interpretation of hell (pt. 1/???)
superstore
Ouija- A game , A mystery, A remorse.
Leave
idk what we heard
The Black Web
The Red Cross
True horror stories
Police Report No. 37 Joe Harris Found (Part 1/3)
I just got a job as my towns GraveYard gaurd, I am seriously not looking forward to this
I did an autopsy on a Jane Doe, and you won't believe what I found..
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part VI
Budsturga's Debt: Final
My new life with my stalker!
How to Survive Camping: I saved someone. Sort of.
The Thing I Saw in the Prodigy Gas Station
sonic exe twoo black sonic revival
Machine - My journal, The full story (So far)
I work for a "darkness factory." It's been a hundred days since I've seen the light.
I can't stop thinking about my ex.
Anyone have a true ghost or creepy story?
Ghost encounter?
The legend of Granny Donovan
Her, Julia
Coaching app
We heard screaming last night.The Plateau
I work in a lamp store. It's starting to smell rotten in here.
Teddy??? Why?
Me.....in real life
She wouldn't leave me alone
If you hike to the broadcast tower you will be torn apart.
What Makes Me Uncomfortable
I think something is seriously wrong with one of my campers...I observed people all my life. Today I decided to follow the most peculiar person. (part 1)
My brother disappeared and I think that I might be next
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. All Hell has broken loose (Part 7)
Windshield Replacement Mesa AZ
My grandfather was a WW2 veteran who fought for the Soviets during the first Battle of Stalingrad. This is what I found in his diary.
The Horrible Truth About My School’s Basement: 25 Years Later
Better The Monsters You Know.
I found a metal box in the junkyard. I think they took my friend who ran the place.
Highland (part 1) The Doe family murders
My house is flooding. The water looks weird.
My Family is Falling Apart - Final
A Deadly Recollection
The proclaimed hero of the colonial
The Missing Five part 4 of 4- The Hope Eater
I dated a serial killer/mass murderer
We found a Sumerian city older than we thought possible. I really wish we hadn't. (Part 1)
Someone left their baby at the public pool
It Lives Below
Never have a party at a cabin if you get bad juju from it
I hate you so much salamandar
Escape Your Inner Demon's For Only $19.85
I See Demons in People, and It Just Ruined My Life
The Beagle Experiment
You must decide if this girl will live. NoSleep, you have 3 days.
I'm getting promoted - but I didn't even want this job in the first place.
Electro Medical Equipment manufacturer
The Peculiar Case at Wonderland
Don't go to DisneyWorld. You have been warned...
The Perfect Woman
Yowie Story. Aussie Encounter
The Imperium Club
A job I wish I hadn't taken (Part 3: William)
My Boyfriend Converted Me To Satanism
Classroom 307
The Piano Prodigy
"That Tickles"
A girl came running to me at the subway. People with masks are following her.
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. I met a succubus at the saloon.
It Followed Me and I think Its getting worse
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 14
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. I survived PART 6 (FINALE)
Yesterday I Killed Four Of My Classmates. Today, I Need To Burn Down My School
Breaking Into Merv The Perv's House On Halloween Was A Mistake
There are screams constantly in my small town from around 3:00 AM to 4:00 AM. Nobody recalls anything, just as if it was a normal night. Me and two friends are the only ones who know. Part 2.
I was it's original prey and now it wants my roommate
I run a house for freaks- We are all being hunted.
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
My Dad told .d too not look in the pipe. I didn
My Dreams of My Father
Someone threw a Pig's head down my chimney.
The Unsolved Missing College Students Case Part 2
I study dreams and nightmares.
I Found This Note In A Murdered Woman's Prison Cell
I Just Got A Job At A Hotel! Part 4
A literary recreation of a real life incident of 11 people, of the same family, found hanging to death at their home. In Burari, New Delhi.
I’m a trucker, and I just found a channel on the CB radio that I think was meant to stay hidden.
I'd ignore the voice, if it didn't keep saving my life
I Went on my First and Last Blind Date Last Night
The Chess Man
cool car by the way
I cant speak. None of us can
There's something trapped in the woods by my house
Suicide.
Late loner night
I'm part of a militia that deals with the paranormal | pt. 1 |
My Older Brother left me a list of rules to follow, from ages 9 to 19. (Part One)
They meet
My phones running out of battery ,help
Brother
When you go to heaven, they take your skin.
I Have a Scary Story to Tell You
What makes me scared of the monster within woods...
Don't Be That Asshole That Laughs At Horror Movies
I'm still traumitized from what happened when i answered a craigslist ad.
Terrible_Hamburger
They talk to me.
If one of those bottles should happen to fall
We’re Having Problems On Table 8
Sleep Paralysis (a true story from my own experience)
I've stolen memories from hundreds of people.
It's No Longer Just Code - Part 1
But I don't want you to be cold....
My demonic power was unleashed on my town (fictional)
Rural Road
Bus
The gods of summer
Best in Class
House Sounds
Tales From the Crypt(id): A Cryptozoologist's Guide to the Unknown
Meet Me Soon
Codename Star-FOX
An open letter to Sabrina S.
The Thing in the Parking Lot
Hey everyone! Please watch and review my independent scifi thriller short film if you have the time, thank you so much!
Do You Really Want to Know?
Camp Wanahee (Part 3)
The purpose of life as told by a dead man
The lyke-wake
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong : Current Time Part 2
Spinning girl video
My friend and I found a nightmare hound in the woods. It led us to a strange cave filled with fireflies and burial mounds.
So...
Dog.
Possible witch encounter?
I used to love camping as a child, until I was taken to the woods and left there.
Skin Soup
I’m never using Airbnb again!
goodbye...(Part 4)
By the end of this story, what you read won't matter.
They Say When You Die, Your Life Flashes Before Your Eyes. They Never Say Someone Took Them (or) The Man in the Shadows
My friend Danny went missing, he left his phone...
From the Swamp, pt 1
Let's play
When I was younger, I was told I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm, one night I discovered why. (Part 4)
The Teller
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 11)
Small man in my attic
He Feeds
A few months ago I had a strange dream. I'm beginning to think it may have been more than just a dream.
There's this girl following me around
Why OP Always Double-Checked the Locks
Can someone link Borassca for me I can’t find part 2 and I’m hooked!
Smily man
I have been snowed in at a cabin in Northern Maine. There is something out there in the storm.
I think I was possessed... twice
A man saved my life and I threw it away.
Don’t look out your window at exactly 2:08 AM
A mystical being hunts foreigners in my country
Don't Come Home (Part 1)
The Young Women Values- 3. Individual Worth
I’ve Been Having This Dream About School...
Turn Around
I Just Wanted To Be A Successful Horror Author
A high school reunion.
Today I Woke Up on the Beach, I Have No Idea Who I Am.
White Entity. Who or what is it
Short horror story that creeps me to this day.
The Hidden Television Channel
The Creature That Ruined My Life
Three deaths that led to a murder and a suicide...
Th Woman In My House
My dead grandmother came to check on my brother
Ahriman proudly presents: The Banana Split
My Nightmares Won - Part 1
Dimensional spectating, the Simon Says signs
Part one: the book
The second moon landing
What happens in the outhouse, stays in the outhouse
I'm always here
the beacon of the atlantic
Everybody in this village cries at night
22nd floor.
I Ask For Faith
My Grandpa Turned to Religion After My Grandma's Death, I Don't Think It Was The Right One
When I was a teenager I killed dozens of people and then myself. Except, I didn't.
Knocks on the window
Among us, heard of it?
The Far Side of the Moon, 1975.
Distress Signal From Marcab Confederacy Prison Planet
I’m Scared.
I woke up and couldn't stop myself from shaking from last night.
The Following
The Magic Fucking 8 Ball
I cannot have been the only person to have seen the large, anthropomorphic Moth on the subway this morning.
I always thought I'm a potato
I got in trouble for a comic I don't remember drawing
a ghost in the corner of the world part 1
Dark Web...
They talk mostly about Stoic philosophy but also all philosophy, current events, and generally just chat. Lots of cool people who with a ton who love philosophy and staying up late chatting. Thought I would share.
The Village
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...Part 7
I’m not feeding the bears anymore.
I hunt and kill Cryptids for a living.
The Tree of Good and Evil
Camp Clear Waters
How I killed my first monster.
Transylvanian Hunger
Don’t go to the abandoned building on Dedham road.
The hospital changed me in a bad way pt. 1
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part VI, Finale: Winter Ghosts
My High School Science Teacher Saved My Life, But I Don't Think She Actually Existed
Salon Rules
The Nightmare of David Chambers, from Rockfall, Kentucky
The silhouette creatures from the facility have spread into my house, and they are after me.
The Horrifying World of Professional Wrestling
How I killed my first monster
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought...(PART 1)
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor | Part 2
It's spider season
Eating Pills Will Save Your Life
Rules for dating a demon
How Do I Break a Blood Pact?
The Operation
THE HAND PRINT
What I found that lies in the center of the Earth is terrifying
The Bottomless Nightmare
I Found Some Unseen Footage From The TV Show 'COPS!'
My Wife Thinks She’s a Mermaid..
Horror night mare story
Stay Out, Stay Alive
My grandfather has a strange inventory hidden in his attic.
Don't Believe His Smile
Weird crap happened in my basement
Something told me its name
The door in my yard
I woke up to die
The Hugger
Never Sweep at night (story)
I'm an experimental physicist and my equipment has put me in danger
Can someone tell me what is this sound?
Goatman in the Mountains
The Anniversary
Someone broke into my house a month ago, now I'm finding notes in my locker
The Man with the Goats Head
The Haunted Eggs Benedicc
“Series” The Ride From Home to Nowhere
I’m in some desperate need of help
I work in a hospital that assists supernatural creatures UPDATE
The Retriever
Trump
Rocks for Breakfast, Rocks for Dinner
Denial
Pepper's Pizzeria
Woke up to something grabbing my leg
7 Days, 7 Monsters - MONDAY
I think the boogie men are after me
I Purchased A Sex Toy Online That Has Forever Changed My Life
I'm a US Forest Ranger transcribing video from a camera I found in the woods... THE PIPER'S CALLING YOU TO JOIN HIM
Silence Near the Water
Woke up to the sounds of shoveling.
I found a ventriloquist dummy on the side of the road. Something is living inside it.
Camp sleepaway
Glowfish
The Curse of the Harbingers Part 1
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 12)
We Found Something Under the Water in the Everglades and We Should Have Left It There.
Moon-eyed girl. (Part 1)
The Corn Maze
1977: The 7th Sister of a 7th Sister raised a...
Woke up to this three minute static-filled voicemail from my fiancee. We went to bed around 10. Not looking forward to Thursday...
I can't sleep. I can, but I shouldn't.
I had to kill myself to escape
The Suicide Killer: Part 2
Creepy woman
My life is falling apart.
Driving home on a dark night
I Moved To a New Community, and The Rules Are Strange Part 2
A Dangerous Game of Tag
EVERY ONE WILL DIE EVEN YOU
I'm s government expariment on the run, please I need help
Haunted bunny?
The Bunker
I lived in the deep alaskan bush until I was 18,and I have a few stories that haunt me to this day.
My brother disappeared and I think I'll be next.
I fought the superhero who massacred my town.
Maybe life shouldn't always find a way.
I think I got stalked by a big cat last night..or someone pretending to be one
I'm a groundskeeper for Witching Hour Park. Crazy things happen between 3am-4am.
Does Anybody Remember A TV Show Called Liveman?
SICK pt.1
It began with blood under the moon's light
Something sat in silence in the back seat of my car...
I'm a time traveler here to warn you about The Reckoning
the tale of the twins
Monsters have invaded our world, and nobody else can see them but me and my friends.
The Cyclist Of River Walk
Got a weird chain letter from and anonymous number with this image
Fear at 30,000ft
Experienced my first sleep induced psychosis
Forgotten
ghost encounters i had recently
Just haveing fun
A man in a frame
I played an innocent game, I regret what it did to my child
The Woman Outside My Window
There are clowns all around (Pt.2)
Santa kills
I have been experimenting with venom since I was a kid, but I never should have injected myself with it.
Through Another's Eyes
No one remembers Molly.
Never walking in the West Virginia mountains at night again.
In line at the airport
Tales from the Watch Tower. Part 1.
I work in a restaurant for cannibals; but I'm the only human employee.
Something drew her into the forest
Screams in the Night (NSFW)
The Rotten House
If you roll an eight on a six-faced dice, you must follow these rules, or you will die.
The 13 VHS tapes
My sister died three years ago. She still comes to family reunions.
Im a time traveler? Part 1?
Some Insight From Area 51
Failure to Thrive
That Survey
Don't enter the house at Kausterman's Farm
You Know What Happens to Little Girls Who Don't Tell the Truth
Stairway to hell
My Worst Fear.. I’ll Never Forget #1
I don't know if I should quit my babysitting job
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, and we figured it out too late
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 2)What’s real anymore?
Should I make my own facemask?
Finality.
An abandoned stroller rolled across a street with a baby crying in it
Cyclops
My wife has refused to let me post her work here for years now, even though I keep telling her it belongs here.
The Memoirs of Heinrich Graf p.1
A man in the reflection
Group A.S.C.K part 1
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them.
The Spyglass
The Eye That Watches Me
I think everyone's in on it.
When I worked nights
Book Of Shadows
Monsters
Run fast or they’ll eat ass.
I live in a Strange Southern Town (pt. 2)
Mom's Been Acting Strange - Part II
"DONT GO OUT PAST 6:00 ON A SATURDAY"
Something wants me
My name is project #124 part two
A Group of Campers Went Missing in Alaska, I was Sent to Investigate (Part 2)
What happened to my friend?
TIFU and tried having sex with my friend's couch
Attic
I had an imaginary friend .
A Documentation of the Strange Occurrences at my Store (Pt. 1)
"The game show"
I work as a psychologist who kills every 6th patient who comes to in.
Man hunt
The Box
I might have awakened
I don’t get why people think clinical depression is solely genetic
Black Santa
Pitch Black Caves and Ones Endurance: The Sleep Disorder Collection (Part 2)
Does anyone remember The Realm?
They Can't all be Winners
A Dark God Gave me Superpowers
I've uncovered a long-hidden secret. Now the government is hunting me. PLEASE HELP!
I got a new girlfriend. Something's terribly wrong with her
The restaurant called Pretium
Mattressia.com is on sale
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Watch your six
I'm going to commit suicide for my crimes.
I found a doorway in the woods
"Hello, Katya...Hi, Malyshka!" He winked.
The Man Who Wouldn't Die
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 4 The Forceful Detainment
My friend found a sketchy book, he should've let it be.
The real paranormal ghost story that happened to me
Zombie Roo
Be Mine
My Dog Went Missing. Now, He's Come Back,
There were loud noises over the Intercom Speaker, Now there are extinct creatures in my town
Relax, I am not a killer
There's something at the end of my driveway (Part 3: Finale)
Don't look at the mirror (NSFW)
On Behalf of the Curiouser, More Eccentric Houses, Please Let Me Speak
A dozen of us are trapped at this ski resort. I think one of us is a killer.
The locks in my house are unlocking themselves.
I Hate My New Apartment(Finale)
Watch what you say!
5 Classic Horror Films You Should Watch.
The Dead Girl in My Yard Was the Best Friend I Ever Had
She Follows Me
Twelve Steps
Something Kidnapped My Little Sister. I'm Coming for It.
My Ouija Board Horror Story
My best friend is a parakeet
FUCK this hospital! Part 2 of 2 (Finale)
If you see a deformed purple person, hide and dont let it find you
I saw the Grinning Man!!
I found someone's diary in an erotica novel (FINAL)
Radio
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity.
The Dollhouse, Part II
Of all people it had to be me...
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 2)
It finally came back for me.
She Never Left Her Home
Haunted Painting Number 9.
The man in the wall
My school traps students in a heavily fortified forest
I always thought my gated community was an oasis of peace in a run-down, unsafe city. I “came of age” to find out I’m in charge of keeping it that way
If you ever come across a game named 'The Fake One': don't play it!
I live in a city of fallen angels.
I think something is using my house as a hunting ground.
The 3:03 Whistler
Unknown Creepy Phone Calls
The Moon Was Never Meant For Us...
The Creature of the Night
A “drunk” tried to break in to my house
The lights had a mind of their own
A Scary Story That Happened to My brother And I.
My great-grandfather's childhood encounter with the KKK
What are some good urban legend YouTube channels?
The fine note of a co-pilot
The World has been taken over
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong : Jackson
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road (Part 1)
The Never-Ending, Ever-Changing Death
You wanna be a r/NoSleep author? You gotta earn it.
The Night Stalker (Part 1)
The Shadow of Ferrah
A Demon is Consuming My Soul
(Part 2) There are no serial killings in the Philippines because I get rid of the bodies.
This is more like a Prompt than a Story: Midnight Game in the Winchester Mystery House.
I know what they think about me but they're not completely right
The Black Blobs Part 3
I have a bad case of sleep paralysis
Welcome to the Psych Lab
Too Worried and Sick to Not Eat
We live in a simulation and I got out and now know everything you should be scared
A nightmare inside a nightmare
My house was nearly broken into last night while I was home, in bed. (True Story, second post because the first was removed for word count.)
My Drive Home From Work. (WARNING: Probably dull to you)
I think my friend and I may be being haunted.
The Worst Wedding I've Ever Photographed
Stay away from Rapid City
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 7)
A Demon Visited Me in a Dream
Don't stare at me. Really.
Something Odd happened after my shift at Chick-fil-A
Don't Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 3)
I don't normally stop for hitchhikers
I think that wasn't a regular nun
Lilac's New Whistle
Banshee
I can’t stop....
idk whats going on with me
There Is No Escape #1 - Experiments in Short Fantasy
The Black Pills Part 4
My grandad used to come to my room at night wearing a mask. Now I know why. Final part.Something has always lived with us.
The trench ghost
The dark can't hurt you.
This happend to me when I was 12
My coworker showed up for his opening shift. The day after his funeral.
I am done with my job, I need help
Oh oh 💀
Such Crimes You Cannot Imagine
Reality Sleep Down Call : Turn Up, Break Down, Get Out
Non story tell yours in comments
I'm A New Health Inspector(Second Post)
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 3)
You wake up stuck in a ball shaped rocky hole in the ground.
My Friend Didn't Follow The Rules, Now He's Missing (4)
I was a good fighter pilot--but apparently, not good enough.
Nosleep has a problem...
I can hear the beasts below me,
Lost Horizons Discord
Would you kill a man to save five others?
The alwahsh albashie Part 1
Eight feet tall (part 2)
Gone like the wind.
I saw mother nature.
We Witnessed the Birth of a Goddess
Floridian folklore 2: Big Owl
I brought my boyfriend back from the dead. I think he brought something back with him. (Part 2)
I started playing an obscure strategy game, but I think it’s beginning to seep into my real life.
I found a box of old journals in my father's house. Something seems eerily real about them.
What Happens in a House Unlived
This is why I stopped smoking. (part 1)
Do I call the police? Please help
The Big Chungus
House #28
People say Hartwitt Hospital is haunted... And that I'm the one haunting it
Something just grabbed me
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange PART 2
Dogs Are Sadistic Chapter 2
How can you fix a broken home?
What was the most terrifying thing you experienced?
My friend died last year. Last night he came back.
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 6 (revised)
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part ten - final
If you are reading this I’m in some hotel like place and scared.... I am typing quickly so don’t mind mistakes.
SirenHeAD. 1993,Jan 8.
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town a Week Ago. The Only Problem is it Never Stopped Raining, Pictures Included
Maybe
A parasite invaded the laboratory I work at
I'm a correctional officer at an underground prison. I think the warden is up to something. (Part Three)
The world ended last night, and I'm the only one who remembers
Attack of the haunted balloon
I'm Annie MacArthur and I Accidentally Summoned a Demon
DOCUMENT 57 SFSEASC
The scary truth about the world u live in.
Michelle, I love you
How to Survive Camping: the power of ritual
R/ProRevenge: my boyfriend is still secretly in love with his ex.
In the darkness of the fields
Qui Penetrant
The value of the human soul
New Year's Eve, 1996 Part II
I saw a flash outside my window and I don't feel safe.
Welcome to Paprika, Inc.
Horror Trivia
they still need me prologue and wendigo
The Hotel I'm Staying in has Provided a Specific List of Rules (Part 2)
El Silbador - The Whistler (Part 2)
I'm a private investigator and I need your help explaining my latest case
I fought the King of the Sewer People
Curiosity Killed The Cat
Jared's writings
Tales of a 911 Dispatcher - The Final Update
There's a Terrible Curse Where They're Building the New Mall (Part 1)- A Sisters of 351 Story
Something is hunting my brother, and now it's coming after me, too
My Cousin Used to Be A Cast Member At Disney
Something Horrifying Happened at a Research Facility
Candace Gray is obsessed with cake
I think a ghost led my son to her body pt 1
I used to work in social media recruitment for a death cult. There were six steps to breaking a recruit down.
Summer camp is being harassed by…. Something. (part 1 from a series)
Hidden in Plain Sight - I think I found a secret government website and now I might be a targetLilith bloodlust (wolf series) series 1.
Sometimes old buildings should be demolished, not restored.
He was always there
Something called me in the middle of a thunderstorm
I watch people in cages (Part 1)
The Wrong Babysitter Showed Up To Our House. She Made Us Play a Game I'll Never Forget
Why the hell is as Craig Pricked? Part 4
I think my mom is planning to kill me on my eighteenth birthday (Part 3)
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty (part four).
What lives under ice
Ghost of tsushima walkthrough gameplay party 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 108...
I am currently stuck in the past
Whatever is happening isn’t good at all (1/10)
I Had a Really Weird Night
Cattle
I'm Annie MacArthur and I Met the Woman who Killed Fate
When I die I time travel.
The Old Things Cometh
I Live In A Town That Doesn't Exist: Final Update Part I
I found a statue in the woods, now it haunts my dreams. (part 2)
A Black Door in Ostra 4
This isn’t how shrooms are supposed to work, is it?
The Laughing Game
Orders
I Just Got Married, and I Think There's Something Wrong with my Mother-in-Law (Part Three)
Bells ringing
I had a nightmare.
It's Valentine's Day and I don't want to be her Valentine
Nothing good ever happens at a crossroads. And we had to wait there for the bus one night.
We called him the Wizard
I experienced true purgatory.
I saw the light (Part One)
Thirteen steps that will forever haunt me
His Name Is Jasper
Presentations at my company are brutal
The Alien fought the Monster in the woods... and lost.
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human.
My Encounter With The Goatman
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift. (FINALE)
Diary of a Monster  12th October 1972
I'm becoming trapped in my lucid dreams.
If your couch has a weird smell get RID of it
Why I’m scared of the woods
I worked with a serial killer
I moved into a home for the summer… I found some strange rules…
Peppermint Park Stories case 1
I can’t daydream or terrible things happen
I work in a lamp store. For some bloody reason, I'm supposed to take night shifts now
The Spirit Guardian
I thought I was alone when I went camping.
I’m stuck in the middle of a war, somewhere in Mexico.
A Just Reward
Reflection - Gothic Story
Something keeps trying to fake my suicide.
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Family Plot"
A subway horror.
I'm a financial dominatrix and a curious one.
I need you to not believe this story.
Wanna know more
Marina from Candy group
It's neck is just too long.
I'm a paranormal investigator for the U.S. Government. My agency is getting annoyed.
Avoid human traffickers behind audible sounds
10 Minutes
The Woods... (first entry, I think?)
The Hanged Man Who Follows
My sister went on a Tinder date.The Copy Demon--The Kushtaka
I'm a DJ at our campus radio station
The day I followed the hedgehog I was supposed to kill
r/nosleep writers I need your help!
I am living in hell
The Suit Man
No matter how hard I try, nothing ever happens.
Ouija board knocks back
The Nightmare Detectives (Episode 1): Lucid and Lost.
The Grown Up Machine
My dog died a year ago..... I hear her whining at night
I am Being Haunted (True Story, Please Help)
El Camino del Diablo- The Highway of the Devil
The missing children in the woods mentioned in 1908 book. (Transactions of the Asiatic Society of Japan)
I believed in Santa until I was thirteen
recovery
Don’t Go Gently Into That Goodnight
Don’t Drink the Coffee made at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
Carolina
My mother always did have a rotten attitude
Inception (Chasing the Wind)
An Anonymous Source has just Cyber Attacked my Local News Station.
My Boyfriend Isn’t What I Thought
The Devil Just Asked Me for Help
Crappy "creepypasta" I made when I was like 11 or 12
My Trailer Park Valentine
I’m Seeking Help
My Pet cat died today
The house settles
We stumbled over something we weren't supposed to see
I'm not the only monster at the South Seattle Bloodbank
I am the framer of cursed images. (part 10)
My family has a curse. On every generation, a woman dies at 18
The Rober Part Two
My sister Laura had hazel eyes
I'm Sorry Amber.
GHOSTRANSFERITUAL
There is a person following me in the dark.
I grew up in an orphanage with my brother, I don't know where he is, but I took his place.
This is the scaryest nightmare I have ever had.
My friend lives in an abandoned house, and I'm trying to get him out of there.
I've Spent the Last Six Months in a Mental Institution.
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward
The Creators: Part 1
Crunch
The Entity- Mystery_Horror
If you’d asked me yesterday what scared me the most I probably would have laughed at you
Mrs. Bones
My Professor, Michelle.
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - Friday? More like Fridamn this isn’t my body
Non-effective “Hooded Man” ritual, something else
The Climbing Pt. 1
Movie theaters are not dead
I can't leave my Grandmothers house and I'm pretending to be brainwashed, help (part 2)
Mr. Tendrils' Hiking Trail
Our new roommate is bizarre to say the least
I don't live alone.
Trevor's Tales S1E2: A Dream Within A Dream~
If you see one, stay away. Or you'll end up like me.
Periphery
I hope this is the right place to put this
There was something decidedly off about that spa
To Be Forgiven
The scariest thing I've ever heard.
RUST CHEAP SCRIPTS
She was so fast.....
Playing with a ghost
my moms lost photos
A sound I will never forget...
Some Things Are Too Good To Be True
Suppressed Statement Regarding the Death of Mitchell Avery
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 3/6
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 4)
Peek a Boo
Make sure the eyes don't move
I burned my house down, but let me explain...
They just vanished.
My Great Grandfather Served in WWI but I Wasn't Allowed to Read His Diary, I Now Know Why
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block- Part Three
Please, let me paint you. I can pay...
The mud ate my life.
I am a contract killer and I didn't do my research on one target. (Part 1)
How To Get Rid Of A Visitor/The Staircase Ritual (1)
Snow tends to soundproof the world
I found a survival guide for 2021 in an old bookstore.
The Lady in the window
Former medic, rescued a woman in an abandoned hell house
Kitty toy
If you can read this, I'm coming for you.
For the past 19 years on the same date, no matter my address or assumed identity, I’ve received a deeply unsettling envelope
Coal Country and What Lies We Tell
I thought my workplace was just a regular, every day, 9-5 office. I couldn’t have been more wrong.
Oblivious
I think my neighbour is a sociopath
Drinking with codeine
The thing
My Dad is Homeless, and something’s been happening
how do i get away with murder?
Diary Entry 01 Date 11/21/26
My name is William Blithe, and i'm here to warn you.
My roommate keeps coming home.
TIL that they don't over-exaggerate when they say that you must be at least perfect
The Land Inside
My friend told me to come here...
UNKNOWN VOICE FROM THE BASEMENT
Borrasca podcast
Depression &amp; insomnia
For nearly 10 years my Secret Santa remained anonymous, but now I know the truth. - December 17
Witnessing my first Exorcism did.... not go so well..
What They Are Doing At The Christian Camp Is Not Normal, And Sharing This Story Might Put Me On There Watch List
Accidentally Opening a Portal to Another Dimension in my Suburban Bedroom.
I Have to Warn You About the Local Amish... They're Not Worshipping God.
99% Off ($0.09) Amazon UOFOCO Boots for Women Fashion Leisure Solid Lace-Up Pointed Toe Shoes Med Heels Short Boots
Dozed Off
Mike's Premium Teethorium
My friends and I watched a cursed VHS tape...something came for them, I'm next.
Clayton's Favorite Book
I don’t think everything went well.
Mama's House
I Belong to Them Now
The DDT
Always Know What You Are Getting Into
The Man Who Follows Me Home
Am I evil?
Secret Documents??
My name is Fiona Holiday. I died over a year ago. I just woke up. (Part 3)
Primordial
The Princess Road Tragedy
Fundamental Taboo's Journal Entry 1 "My Life"
What went wrong with Twitter?
Followed on a walk after the 4th of July
Took a night guard job, didn't realize I would have to fight for my life.
I am sure I am not a crazy old man getting carried away, and I am positive I need your help Part Three
There's a Place Where the Dead Come Back to Life
The Vore Convention
I moved to a trailer out in the country and it is definitely NOT a cult, it is something much worse...
There was something in the woods
Creepy voicemail!
Why I'm terrified of the woods
Superstition
Kimi
My family is scared of me and.... I am too
Ferntop is Hell(part 1)
I need answers, please.
My University is Haunted
The Thing With the Cows
A set of films labeled “What could’ve been.”
The Wagon Doll
Welcome to The Guild - Part 01
Strange suicides are happening in my town after a construction team uncovered something.
The virus made me unemployed. I should have stayed that way. Pt (2)
Somebody Who Will Never Leave Me
Were is Racoon City in Missouri or New Mexico
I’m Trapped.
blood in the lounge
914
Really!
I'm a Freelance Journalist, and This is the One Story I've Ever Been Afraid to Tell
Translated Nightmares pt1
daddy loves me
I'm in a committed relationship and can only have sex with prostitutes.
Locked your bedroom door before you go to sleep.
It watches me.
So Far Behind Me
The Disappearance of Laura Wilde
My university wants me dead.
The Seer From the Past (Pt. 1)
I received a strange figure in the mail and now I'm losing control of myself.
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
Hi Meat, It's Me...
Them (part 1)
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one where everything went wrong.
Heaven, But With a Sick Twist.
Owlman File #43 Twisted Bodies
Someone tried to kill me in the forest. He seems to find it funny
The End Of All Things - Chapter 2: Dear Agony
Does anyone remember Creepypasta author /u/griefhopper? She has been tied to five murders in my hometown.
“Never-ending Night terrors”
I met Death and it was a she.
I shouldn't have went looking for the secrets of the universe... I refuse to ever dream again.
I keep seeing blue doors everywhere I go, I'm starting to think it isn't a coincidence. (Part 2)
The world ended last night and nobody remembers (Part 5) FINAL
Why I want my dogs to stop digging in the yard.
It started with a knock on my bedroom window.
Anyone interested in exchanging scary stories that actually happened to them?
A decade ago
eleven years ago, i saw a tall man in a big hat and a trench coat.
World simulation.
Creepy Fan
I am a professional rule breaker : The Black Pit.
This is something that I think about quite a lot, so I wanted to share. It's about how our dimension cannot perceive higher dimensions or worse; there is a limit to all expression and no higher dimension.
My Peculiar Journal
The Skeld 2.
Sorry if wrong sub but I need answers! Please
Don't Look Out The Window
had i wish it is fake.
You Won't Believe This
I just moved into a new apartment and I think it is haunted
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is why I stopped taking them. LAST RITES.
I Never Go Near Forests at Night, but They’re Coming for Me
I Think Something's Wrongs With My Favorite D&amp;D Stream.
My friend told me not to look out of any windows until 6 PM. I did. (Part 2)
I Accidentally Sent a Letter to Santa. Today, I Received His Response.
I Finally Got A Job As An Artist!
My Teacher Was Eaten Alive
What happens as the moonlight feeds
I'm a Correctional Lieutenant, and these are my stories.
Demonic attacks, I think. Idk, but here are my experiences
50 Days In The Briny Deep
I’m a voice actor, and was hired to read several Emergency Broadcasts. I don’t think they were fake.
Sunshine
An action story
A Coyote Pack Encounter
Bimbo the Bear
Working at a hounded house
I smirked at the idea of a department which can make people commit suicide, now is too late to regret it...
I Found A Lost Balloon On A Backwoods Road
I don’t think I can do this any longer
(Part 2) No Sleep. No Sleep. Can't Sleep.
Me, Mizell, and Inspector Hole-in-the-Face
My fiancée has photos of me that I've never seen before ?
It’s just a dream....
A long trip
143 - part 2
My boyfriend needs to be drunk in order to have sex with me.
Be careful when asking for help from the Gods of the oppressed
The car meet.
The rule makers
my auntie tried to kill me
I have this gift
Something is wrong with my routine.
TIC TIC TIC
The guest bedrooms nightmare.
I encountered something that could’ve killed me(true)
I used to love water
One Click Away...
Cease and Desist
The Job Offer (Preview)
My Imaginary Friend Came Back 15 Years Later. My Research Is Going Nowhere
New Year, New Me
My neighbor won't stop looking in my windows at night
PLEASE do not use the new GPS app All Around You
Chubby Cheeks
From the pages of a P.I.'s journal
I went to bed and woke up somewhere entirely different.
My brother killed him self a week ago, today I found his notebook. Part 1
Cannibal Anatomy
my treehouse is the devils bin (part 2)
The road less traveled and the lights in the sky.
The Weird Accounts of a Secret Mars Expedition
Number 15: Michael, the notorious sink shitter
Blood Pie
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Eight)
Toybox II: A Very Special Toy
I think I met a time traveler?
Funeral Spotting.
Sky Turtle Tours, ch 8
A Family Tradition
The Places in the Philippines You Should Never Travel To: A New Perspective
It hunts at night
Reality keeps fading in and out and I need help
My expedition into the Smokey Mountains
For the last three days my mother has been missing.
The figure on 44th st
I do pest control for monsters (part 3)
Camera Girl: My confession
The people who kill me when I sleep
Brenda
Help me find a creepypasta
The day my Brother got possessed
My New House is Scary
Creepypasta Storytime: Squidward's Suicide
The Last Man
The doll that kept moving.
NoSleep Interview with NocturnalNanny!
Every single passenger in this train is going to die.
I love talking
I'm On a Tapeworm Diet
The creatures that come with the storm
I Found a Dark and Lonely Road
THE "PAPER PEOPLE"
You’re Not a Little Kid Anymore
The Thing It The Woods
Specter
Pojo (Part 2)
I am new to this
Lantern FliesI don't go hunting anymore.
The Sleep Experiment (Final)
Muffins Come Home
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 6
Covid-19 My Ass...Pigmen Are Attacking My Small Town in Kansas (part one)
The Wait List
ME AND MY FRIENDS FOUND SOMETHING WEIRD IN AN ABANDONED HOUSE
My Ex Saved My Life
My uncle almost killed my aunt...
Ive been slipping through alternate realities, and i dont want to stay in my original reality anymore...
Why Runoff Rapids at Disney World really shut down...
Something is up at work p2
In the afterlife, you're fucked!
Anne you need to come back
The Terrifying Men
Blind Religion Part 1 - aye first post pls no bolly
The scariest, most realistic horror story you'll ever read
Boca preto (Black Cove)
The strangest day of my life/ UFO sightings/ Aliens already beneath us? Idk || Very long post
I rode a haunted elevator and saw something terrifying.
I spotted a very bright dot on the night sky which is much brighter than the stars.
A note on Celtic graves in the South of France
Ultimatum
Unknown Island Haunted Attraction: Where Reality is Meaningless - Part 1
Idk what just happened
Kamikakushi神隠し
Nightmare last night
He told me I was special, but I didn't want to be
26  || Getting addicted to snapchat is it bad? My snapchat is: itsfirerra | Not a day passed by without having s""-ting. Looking for friends across the globe
How Almost Going Blind Brought Me Closer To Figuring Out Why Texas Teens Are Staying Awake For Months On End (A Psychedelic Horror Detective Field Report).
I Was Almost Killed In My Office
Everything is different.
Amazing offer for you
Last Halloween I saw something
Between Twilights
My dog is immortal and that fact almost got me killed
I have been talking to my sister...she's been dead for almost 13 years now.
I'm trying, but it's tough from here, there are no rules anymore
Quiet! The vents are working...
Why I got a flat tire on highway 359
Zozo
Perfume
Waldfriedhof Haunting - Munich
creepy song i found on the dark corners of youtube
15 minutes.The Houston Files: Hoax or fact Finale
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Update 3.
Marzipan Chace
The ghosts that haunt me
On The Road
Wwllccmm Tt BeDsIdE MaNoR
What Man Was Not Meant To See
The Whistles
Just A Cold (i might make this into a series, i’m not sure, it’s 6am-)
The “bad” driver
True Quarantine Horror Story
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 7)
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig  "The Curse"I Hunt Reverse Vampires
I’m at camp and an old piece of lumber has one of those witch symbols on it from the Blair witch
I'm a criminal profiler and a deceased serial killer is trying to murder me in the woods surrounding Fever Cabin
The man in the fog
They look like People
The Night I Visited the "What-If" Museum, and how it changed my life forever.
Has anyone else heard the laughing?
I Bought Headphones Off The Dark Web...Now I Can't Take Them Off
Regarding recent allegations against horror narrators - Megathread
This dark web challenge scarred me for life
I’m a Psychologist, and This is Why I Don’t do Family Therapy Anymore(Part II)
I am Very Real. *FULL SERIES*
Uncle Teddy and Cora: Talking Turkey
Promises
I think I'm schizophrenic
I work on a fishing trawler in the North Atlantic. We reeled something aboard in the net that I’ve never seen before on this Earth.
The agony of knowing
The Man Behind the Door
Someone called and apologized for something that hasn't happened
My little brother
I think im being watched
Does anybody else want access to my Online Occult Library?
Encounter With Tall White Figure In Forest, B.C Canada, Drawing included
Don't Visit Monument Valley Alone, Part Final
My anger was surgically removed and I went back for it
Penance (part two)
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 2)
The Eyes Outside
P
The House in Oak Crest
Super man
My Scariest Dream
I Stared Into The Eyes of my Reflection In The Mirror
I'm a baker in a war
I thought our home was safe.
Our Dearly Beloved Mother Is Not Our Dearly Beloved Mother
Depravity
If You Hear The Ringing, Then It’s Already Too Late.
Dear passengers of the 6:43 train
A Tale of Two Sisters
I was trapped a infinite space for five years.
How I Survived Katrina
I Keep Dreaming Of A Missing Little Girl - I
My mother-in-law asked me if I wanted to know the secret to immortality
Awesiaki: Chapter Twelve - The Bloodletter's Trial
The Skin Men (Part 3)
At the Door (part 1)
None of us can leave work, and there's something wrong with my coworkers. (Part 2)
I'm an Archeologist. This is our final warning.
Narration of " I found this creepy poem "
When the Trees Begin to Cry, Run the Other Way
An abomination to god. Part one:
Second in a series. I've been here before...Charles
The suicide letter- pt1
Killbot.exe
A broken man.
Somewhere in the South Pacific
Hide and Seek - But There's A Twist
Sirens Are Almost Always Female. Almost.
Hsunted VR (Be Careful What You Buy Online)
June Contest Nominations
I'm A High School Security Guard Part 1
sunday scaries
My grandma died and passed down her cabin-in-the-woods to my brother and I. It's filled with old nightmares, and we're finally going to talk about them.
I have some social problems
My biggest fear is being misunderstood.
Faster than the speed of love
The press lied about the Jonestown suicides
Awokened
I am trapped in a gas station bathroom.
The Bonfire
SERIES - Magic is real, and I don't like it - PART 4
they call me a monster
The man under the house
528 - Take a Number.
Doors, moonlight, and the screaming
Where Am I?
Someone narrated my stories without permission. Now I think they're stalking me.
I've been here before...
I'm making a small Narrating YT channel and I'd like anyone to send or comment stories or links to stories( I will credit the authors in the video and description)
stuck
I painted the wall of my kitchen. Now, it's vomiting insects and tentacles.
We keep following.
A strange beast lurks in our county, and we found it
We built our dream house - there’s just one problem. It’s on the site of a former Victorian lunatic asylum
My parents sent me to boarding school and I can't leave.
Everyone likes Among Us,including me...not in real life though...
A quick word from our sponsor
My Neighbors are...Missing??
I found a journal while spelunking in a cave.
Jr's Pizzeria and Bar Stories (Part 1)
Blue Eyes
I want my textbooks back
I thought I would be in prison for life. I never knew I would be released.
Girl hitchhiker
There's something haunting me
I picked the wrong night to take off from work...
I'm Best Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of. (Part 3)
The Quest to Stop World Hunger
Grandpa Little Tale: The Weird thing in the Dark.
I said hello and now I am being stalked...
I accidentally stumbled into a cult ritual
Warning
Affliction
I feel like I opened a realm to another world through my bathroom
I can't wake up, well I can't sleep! Something is downstair! Definitely something!
I had a nightmare and I need to talk about it
The Earl of Sandwich
The merchant of organs in New Orleans🩸🩸🩸
Track 54.5
It’s been 10 years since my younger brother disappeared. It’s time people know the truth about what happened. It’s what he would have wanted.
Lucky Jacket
My Whole Town is a Cult.
The Perfect Guide to The Zombie Apocalypse
I'm a SWAT Officer trapped in a middle school. Fuck me. (Part 4).
HeadlightsMurderes Forest?
If you see a shadow figure, don't trust it. Your life may depend on it.
I met slenderman (real)
The Shadow Knows....
Throw a die, my friend.
Next Time.
Inside jokes
The Three Impostors
The Tapping Boy
Laughing outside my window
The time before Time. A bubble of space. Family Time.
“Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you did? If this message goes through, please help me.” - LION CREEK ATTEMPTED COMMS &amp; AREA 582 GLITCH
how do i know if im being hacked?
I work for child protective services, but this time I had to protect the parents.
What’s going on in my apartment?
By popular demand: here are the rules for Halloween Scream
The Long Summer
Files: The Gray
The Stolen Me..
What I got in the Mail PT2
Was told to post this here. This is a true story of something we encountered in the woods in the early 90s. Any help understanding what this was would be appreciated.
Something took a battery out.
The Weeping Woman - A story from rural India
SirenHead is real and he's coming for us
Snarling creature sighting
Backyard forest
Yeah, it's happening. Again. - part three
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town
I'm honestly just your average guy.
My spirit companion and I hunt monsters. Here's how it all started.
Welcome to The Miller Estate
The Body of a Little Boy Washes Up on the Beach Every Friday Morning
I met a strange girl at the bar, and I hope I never see her again
The creator of earth shares secrets with me. Today I met myself on the subway train.
An occurrence at Wag's Ridge
Uh damn
My sister died. But I don't think it was her we buried.
This was something I wrote for my english class, as an assignment
All I Wanted was to Live...
My friends and I discovered a corpse, and now she won't leave us alone...
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 8)
Update on the Time Vortex on my property (pt 2)
I work for the FBI and help train cannibals. One of them escaped and killed five people.
Oh my gawd I saw a sk*n person in Kentucky
a few real life horror stories from living in the "hood"
John H. &amp; The Demon
I'm the local bingo caller and my job is worst than death.
The summoned
my neighbor hated rosemary
The Dark Thing
The Color of Death
I Checked on my Neighbor After Hearing Strange Sounds. I Wish I had Just Left it Alone.
My college sorority is different. Only half the members are human – Menhunter and The Punisher
This is my last time going camping
23  EXCUSE ME MISS, MISS, MISS
The Box: Coincidence or a Supernatural Affliction?
I Have Sleep Paralysis. Something Has Been Happening. (Parts 1, 2, and 3)
We escaped. It was indescribable, and I am NOT dead.
I work for a store that sells bodies (part 2)
Thalassophobia
I found this subreddit and I need to put this somewhere
Unexplained childhood experiences
Looking for new renters at Cold Storage.
My Story Was Removed. I Thought That Was the End of it...
Instructions for delivering a package part 1
Demonic Pacts (Part 2)
TORMENTED Part-1
Want me to tell the full story here...
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 6 Revised
My Encounter With a Forest Creature
The Suffocating Man
I Saw Some Things (Parts 1-2)
An Interesting Morning
I've Just Returned from Hell
The Twin Trees At The End Of The Garden
True Fear
My tiny town just got put on lockdown - part one
Derk met dn Beer
I'm a part of the Chernobyl redevelopment program I am seeing ghosts (Entry 1)
If you ever find an unmarked DVD in your mailbox, don’t play it.
When I entered Manor house Prison, I expected monstrous minds, but not this.
Rules for surviving in a town that doesn’t exist.
(Part 5) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings.
My neighbour hangs more than just clothes
Ten years ago, I dedicated my life to studying the paranormal. I think it's time to investigate these lists of rules people keep finding.
Familiar Strangers
There's something in my bed but it isn't me
My son found a body in the woods that's since disappeared, but it's not the first time
September 2019 winners!
I’ve been stuck replaying the same day for over a year and i think i finally escaped the loop.
This is not a healing spring. Dashing hopes and dreams, in a single-engine Cessna
Being followed by a strange truck
Our daughter's sleepover was more eventful than we anticipated.
Meat 2
A Cry for Help
The voice that came from the woods
They have taken over. Please help
Woods (Part 2)
They Saw Me as a Monster
My best friend went missing when I was a teenager.
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 14)
This House Was Once Our Home..
I played a Ouija board at my job
Paranormal Experiences: The Ghost of the Girl (Part I)
I Work At the Brimstone Tavern, Never Mess Up a Drink Order
My Mother and My Dog
The Night Noises
The ants go marching one by one
A Conversation With Myself I'd Rather Forget
I Dressed as a Priest Once
With Christmas coming up, What's a real Christmas Horror story you've experienced?
We found a old Mineshaft in the woods. But my friends acted strangely while we were in there.
I didn't always fear death.
I will never unsee what i saw.
The maze that never ends
Upon Hallowed Ground
Everyone around me is coming down with the same mysterious disease.
I Got A Job As Night Security On A Train. The Train Rules Are Deeply Disturbing Part 1 (Story by - not_neccasarily) (Re-upload)
CONSPIRACY / TRUTH MEGA COMPILATION by superdog11 (50gb of "handpicked" vidoes + some youtube channels)
On second thoughts, I should have sneaked a bite from the lunchbox.
What's the scariest story?
Mohini (Part 2)
someone took my brother 4 years ago and now hes coming for me
shekes dont listen to u/mr.neaves
Where does this dang guy get these boxes?
Nothing brings people together like a tragedy
There was something outside my window, and now its gone. (Part 1)
Something is very wrong with my home and I need help
Sleepy, Sleep, Sleep, Counting Sheep
Scary Stories From Reddit Vol 2
My family has a secret gingerbread recipe. Now I know why it’s a secret
Playstation Portable
I had an experience I can't explain.
When Death comes
False advertising
The magical girl that sat on my windowsill (Part 1)
Pop!
The Getaway
I interviewed a dwarf named Bob.
Do wish to open?
Octopus Hunting
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (Finale) - Ghosts Of What Should've Been
How I Met My Best Friend.
I drink animal souls. I am on the search for snow leopard blizzard energy.
The chameleon took daddy
I was on an 8th grade science trip in the Sinai(Egypt), walked away from my group and woke up in Saudi Arabia.
It knows you're here
If you ever find yourself at The Clockwork Hotel, stay inside your room at midnight. That's when the children come out to play. PART 1/2
Pokemon Poisoned Edition
Mirrors Are No Joke
The Old Gods Of The Forest (Part 1)
I killed the Grim Reaper
The Last Testament
Big Cousin
Girl in a white dress
Chamber
Apelah Foster Care in North Mississippi needs to be investigated
I dared my friends to hunt me down.
My oddly horrific dream needs an ending
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them. (Part 2)
I stopped playing Webkinz as a kid after this happened to me
I lost 12 hours and I’ve found some more clues
The Murders Of The Midnight Rider (Part 2)
What’s your paranormal experience
Log #1
My dog died. Now, I’m killing angels to get him back from the afterlife.
A cliché no sleep story
Quarantine is something you do when you want a harmful type of life to only grow here, not there.
I Keep Dreaming About A Little Girl Who Has Gone Missing
Apollo 17 wasn't the last man mission to the moon
The girl on Redcliff street.
'Jeffrey Dahmer' is My Neighbor
I joined the church of Hyperianism... Don’t make the same mistake
I took up some sort of mystery job. What I saw when I walked through the building door shocked me.
Guys my poop is gay
Can you help me?
Maybe She Wasn’t Insane
The Thing In My Bedroom
DEMONOMANCY - PATIENT RECORD CP5618652
A demon has possessed my boss
My Father always spoke figuratively
We were the unwelcomed guests
The Scariest Thing that Ever Happened to Me
Five for Them
Happy New Year from Fran Hart's Fabulous Frocks and Happy Haberdashery!!
The house owner had rules we needed to follow part 1
only a mannequin...
Burn in hell please
The Midnight Game - Part One
There Are Eyes
An unknown cartoon studio.
I have a 6 figure job you don't even know exists.
The Mirror Devil- Part 3
Ms Porcelain
Our Last Halloween Prank
Today was a good day.
On Delaware Street, you’re forbidden to whistle after dark
I'm a criminal profiler and my wife's letter has me questioning the entire Machete-Killer case
Don’t go to abandoned places
The beast of Crimson Creek
My brother and I used to play a game at our lake house - Final
I was born late. 40 years late.
You See the Mark. Part Three.
The ocean should remain unexplored
Strange findings at a dig site
I Apparently Have A Ghost Trying to Haunt Me - Advice? Part III
I think I know why my neighbors' dogs keep dissapearing
The Shadow in My Room
Hide and DO NOT go seek
AOYLL HT
Like Deer in the Headlights: An Ode to Ms. Scarborough
I found some never before seen footage from the TV show 'COPS!'
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 7
Need help if its okay
There's A Little Girl at My Door
The Burnt Book
Polly P. Pippet.
The Void Beyond the Stars
r/nosleep is trying to tell me something.
The Brian Transplant
The Freddy's Events were real. (PT 1)
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 7)
I work at a gaming cafe and it has a few strange rules #3
This has been happening for years.
Fighting against the wicked: Not all things can die. PART 5
A memory i did't want..
A fate sealed by a nostalgic Minecraft song.
I don't understand calculus. Also, I killed someone. (Update)
I Don't Know
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I’m being held hostage.
My Story
The Neighbors Window
No Wifi (Short Story)
Karma seems to be real (part 2)
A Snapchat Suicide
"Tiger"I've been to Dyatlov Pass, Something Horrible Is Out There and It Doesn't Like Visitors
The Vanishing Of Jack Turner.
THE DIARY - Thriller Horror Short Film
Help me find someone. It's important.  Final
I think i just discovered a new Minecraft realm, and I’m kinda freaking out.
Why are they making me do this?
The Antler Ritual
I'm finally a true artist
My wife is a forensic scientist and had to monitor a specimen during lockdown
There was a blackout.
Has anyone been to Chester's Kidzone?
My Haunted Apartment (true story, I swear)
Fred is Back...
Every night is a nightmare
The Cellar bumps at night
If you ever visit India, do as I tell you
The stall.
Our scientists said we've entered a foreign parallel universe and I don't think we are alone in here.
Loss
Infestatio
My heart's desire
My daughter has candles in her bedside drawer.
Goodnight
My Wife Was Replaced
Happiness is a warm bullet
The Void Expedition, Days 5-10
Nightmares: A gloomy night
My anger was surgically removed and now I work for the surgeon
Murderous forest (update)
Just open the door, my love.
Trying to find a story
I'm a retired homicide detective. I'm beginning to suspect that my wife is a serial killer.
Maxwell's Fun Zone: The Ball Pit
Something Happened To My Daughter And I The other Night, And I am not Sure what it Was?
No Good Deed (Part 1)
When a water cryptid tried to kidnap me. (Why I'm afraid of deep water)
Down by the waterThe Wound that Bites.
DO NOT LISTEN, DO NOT SLEEP, DON'T Talk (Part 1)
I snooped in my sons room while he was at school. I don’t like what I found. PART 1
My house has been possessed by demons, i have to follow a set of rules or they'll take my soul (part 1)
Now It's Your Turn
Scared stiff
Will you help me build the Mosaic World?
The Siren Head
A Corner of Hell
I played a Snapchat ritual and travelled to a hidden dimension. Video included.
I went to the Chernobyl exclusion zone. We found a man who was brutally crucified.
Room 123: Let's Make A Deal
First story (Still am editing it any recommendations?)
I'm A New Health Inspector(Part 3)
First post!
The Dice Game
Straight to VHS - Sunday Dinner
The Satanist Killed My Girlfriend
This is not what should happen during a storm
Its been a year since the outbreak, here's what happened
I saw a news report from the future
The Abandoned Shack (True Story)
I Encountered a Vampire in Arkansas ( Part 2)
Ghosts aren’t real.
The ring of the bell signals the death of another camper
There were three hundred and eighteen people in Janistown
A Knock on your Door
The Replacements
In the Gloom
I lived with the devil. (sneak peek)
Witch of The Black Mountains- 2
The Man in the sewer (PT 1)
Mirrors (Part 1)Surf's Up
My Cat Died When I Was 7
when the fish watch
I Met a Strange Sea Creature in my Dreams, and Saw it For Real the Next Day
Little girl
The Wasting Room
The Call of the Sirens - A documentation of my life at sea. First Entry
The gargoyles were supposed to protect us, but now I know the truth.
How I helped solve my imaginary friend's murder (Part 4)
The stars are going out
Saw same old person everywhere I went. Help. Me
I am having the opposite of sleep paralysis
The Hope Chest
It came from the dark
Come stay in our remote cabins - brand new location!
Stop signing up for 23andMe
Did you hear about Drekavac.
The child's fault
I made a mistake
The bad review
2019 Winners Recap!
Ghost calls my name while I am on vacation
What The Hell Happened To Jackson Green...?
That one EAS I can not forget about (Part 1)
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted (Finale)
I saw something on the roof of my childhood home when I was 13. I visited again, and it’s back.
My Daydreams Are Becoming Real
I Was a Casualty of a Glitch in The Matrix
How I am killing my parents - A six step guide
It starts with a sinking feeling
The Way The World Ends
Boy Scout Stories
Karang Guni
Prowl of the Aye-Aye
I've been having trouble sleeping
Don’t look at the lights.
Holly Jolly Chapter Two
I used to like the tube.
Huanted Pokie Gym
Please make her go away
If Anyone Is Looking For A Doll To Give To Someone, I Have A Bunch...
Lights By the Roadside
He's here
The People with the Starry Eyes
The Great Neck Halloween Massacre
My daughter saw me die ten years ago
Langford Manor
HeadSpace
The house that made me return
T O M A T O
It started with a weird phone call...
The hut stood on a narrow sandBank in the middle of my fjord.
It must still be out there somewhere.
I was five or six when I saw my first ghost
A man in my house that wasn't ever there
You don’t walk home at night through the woods at the edge of Victoria Grove Park
Has Anybody Used the PhysKids App?
"Naughty John, Naughty John, does his work with his apron on. Cuts your throat and takes your bones, sell 'em off for a coupla stones."
I thought he was the one (part 5)
I found a journal hiking with my family around the Great Lakes you must stay away from here.
Time Attack
The Fiend of Benson Canal (Part 1 of 3)
The Professor
I'm a monster that's hired to hunt other monsters (part 1)
If you see a black ice cream truck, run.
A panhandler followed me through every city, convinced we were dating—when I went to stay with my brother, he came to “rescue” me.
I work for a bourbon distillery and now I can never leave.
Environmentalist are Unintentionally Bringing Back Vampires!
Something strange happened after the power outage
My scary story, transcribed from discord (sorry for formatting)
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them. (Part 3)
I Sell Guns on the Dark Web. Now it's My Turn to be Afraid.
The Visit
I lost years of my life to a parasitic doctor.
Moreton Corbet Castle
This made me sh*t myself
Starlight Icarus
The Pink Man
An incident on April Fools Day over 10 years ago still haunts my dreams to this day -Part 2 The Mysterious Cup
I Am Mastema
Stranger Has Disconnected
My monster wasn't under my bed
My dad died of stage 4 lung cancer right after we decided to celebrate his Father’s Day early. I don’t think any of this is a good idea.
The perfect graduation trip!
in 2077
My sister came down with the coronavirus. Her symptoms are worse than we could imagine.
Diary of a fugitive
It Stalks
The King FaceTimed me
True Fucked Craigslist Experience
"My Grandmother Left Behind Some Really Dark Secrets"
The hospital I started to work at has a 100% success rate
A Long Time’s passed. I’m Still In Hell.
Why am I so scared at night and panic
The Tricker: info needed
"Stuck" adarngoodread original
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: Apartment 7
What do you fear?
Im a deputy in a rural county. I met the devil on night shift. Part 1 of 2
He Wanted The Face - My First Creepy Pasta
There's a ghost in my closet.
We bury people in the back of the school
My crazy mindAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
The kids in the woods
The train I'm on hasn't stopped driving for 17 days.
The Decadent Taste of Human Suffering
Old Town Road
I have woken up on a floating island, and things have been really weird so far
Every time my name is called, someone dies (part 1)
The girl haunting the apartment
The Project Part I
I do pest control and for monsters (part 2)
I have been being followed by a demon since I was 9
My haunting experience at home
Melody of the Arcade.
Trust accident !!
Chocolate Lips
The Stranger (Part 1)
there's something called "the void" (Part 2)
The Australian Booter Rooter
Church Business During Church Hours
Only the authorities know about this night... ( I don't know if I should tell you the rest)
My House is Strange
My last patient woke up after his autopsy.
We made it back from Australia but my friend's arm is now stuck in the wall...
Strange Tales From An Island Hospital - Part 2
Fingers and toes
It Is Too Hot To Sleep At Night.
Haunted Sex Toy
Everything I knew about the world drastically changed in one day.
WHATEVER YOU DO, DON’T LEAVE THE BASEMENT
The Nextdoor Neighbor
1st stage
I remember it like it was yesterday...
The 9 legends of Rance's Avenue: You can’t find it, it finds you
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (Part 5)
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 2/6
Check your Greed
Please help. I have 24 hours to live.
The Kraken
I triggered a Memory that my Amnesia made me forget. (part 1)
A girl, riddled with cuts and bruises, walked into our police station holding a bloody letter.
7 years ago my family moved to a town called Mooreville. I've been trying to leave for the last 6.
I am an artificial intelligence who knows the purpose of life, do not delete me.
A child followed me home.
I was afraid to go to sleep.
Shady Creek Retirement Home
Cŵn Annwn
Who Could It Be, Now? (Part 2): Anger
Waking Dreams
Fake Friends are a Burden
The story of Sarah. (Part 1)
Oliver’s Antiques
I am the framer of cursed images. (part 1)
Eerie Footage
My dog found something in the woods, now it won’t leave us alone
Russian roulette, but not with a gun
" when i was invited to strange game show five lives were lost i was the last one standing "
I got a teddy from a stranger, and a list of rules for survival ,,,,Final night
Have you ever wondered if theres multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying - He found me
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are a bit disturbing (Final)
Pripyat Hospital
Forgotten Time
I don’t know what’s happening to me
She Lived In The Tree - Part One
I found tapes at an abandoned beach called "Imporea", now I might die. (Part 2)
The Key to Happiness
Where the Orphans Played, Pt. II
I physically cannot be the father, but I'm starting to believe her.
Every night, strange bells played melodies inside the walls of the house my family moved into. Until I found out why.
I wish it was just another regular hacker...
The Abandoned Church
Green Lake - Arrivals
She never warned me about the screaming
Sounds at night.
My son and dogs made good freinds with a pack of wolves...
A Private Number (scene 3)
How I lost my eyes
The Thing on the Tape
I made a deal with the Devil, or something like Him. Here's why you should too - trust me.
I Need a Ride Home, But I'm Afraid to Get in My Car
My New Job is a Little Unorthodox
It All Started When a Cement Truck Crashed Outside my Window
sleepless nights
A Night I’m Sunei Motel
After that night. I wish we didn’t put security cameras outside.
Any ideas on what it could be?
A Guide from A Monster Hunter Part V
FBI Corruption (Audio &amp; Video Evidence included)
The Covito - A True Horror
I'm a College Student studying Astronomy... I Accidently Found Out What's In Our Universe
Don’t let them in ?
It's 3AM, a hooded figure is following me.
ALL THEY DO IS SMILE
I have a rare condition called amaurosis fugax aka temporary blindness
The Right Mindset
Ghosts Shit Too, I Suppose. (Part 1)
Anderson Serangoon JC
WOW!!!
Something Sinister In A Small Town - USA
I'm ready to share what happened on Halloween (true)
Black Willow
We found a letter in our new home that leads me to believe the previous owner may have killed someone. I am unsure of just what this is and what it means.
Storm of the Century - Published on WattPad
Part 3. My husband gave me the necklace. Then strange things started happening.
How I used my artistic skills to win at divorce
I think something has been really scaring our wife since our trip Haiti...
I'm inside your house.
Mom vs mother
I Let Him Speak a Bit to Heaven
Stopping at a Gas Station in the Middle of the Night is a Very, Very Bad Idea
It's in the forrest. I know it's there somewhere.
Jagger, the story that carries the curse.
Time stopped.
I'm so happy Reddit exists. The people on here are the best.
The Devil Washed Up On The Lighthouse Shore
Welcome To Dobin: The Newcomer
think my mom is gonna kill me
I'm stranded at Mad Old Mister Holland's. (FINAL)
I'm going to kill myself tonight.
Something is playing basketball with us.
Im an inventor and my new machine might kill me.
Baby Ghost?
Two Cuts
Why I stopped breaking and entering.
local alert
Its inside the cabin with me.
Don't Go Spelunking In Iceland (Part 1)
What I got in the mail
An early morning invasion
Please Sleep in My Car (Part 1)
Theres something living in my room
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The Wicked Scout
It watches me. It watches us.
Never backpacking again (1/2)
The best Urban Legend you have heard?
I hate this place.
Blood Law (FINAL)
I took 10 sleeping pills on flight 197...I'll never go on a plane again.
Like ClockworkBedbugs
I am here Heheheheh
Voices in my house part 1: a mini series
Who will I be when I go back?
I left my room, and no one is here. I've been alone for two days
Husk
Ever Since I’ve Seen My First Apparition, I Can’t Stop Seeing Them.
My Dead Brother Rescued Us From Kidnappers (Part 1)
10 year fear
The man
I found out what was behind the locked door of our new house; I wish I never had
Moon Fire
I woke up, and now I hear sirens.
The crochet dolls
Do you see Them?
The Mask Won't Come Off
My best friend tried to steal my organs.
I’m beginning to enjoy the pain I cause.
The infection of life and death
Guy From Target Broke into My House For My Bike And Probably Wanted to kill me
My family is Cursed, I'm going to break the cycle.
I’m sorry that happened. I can help.
People wonder why i'm afraid of the forest. here's why.
Incident Report: January 21st - Smart Phone
RE: The Theory of Everything
I was a patient in a psychiatric hospital. Part 1: The white room.
The talking tumor
Dear Diary-Wiry-Woo-Woo
I've Heard People say Jeffrey Epstein Didn't Kill Himself...
Sticky golden pancakes, a full Irish breakfast &amp; Lucifer
10 weeks
My Old House was...Strange
My mom went to use the restroom. Someone else came back.
My new alarm clock might not be normal
I thought my Demons were just my thoughts
Faces in the photos
Fungorum AgrisAIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
the killer
Violet the Haunted Doll
if you get home and see your bedroom door open GET OUT OF YOUR HOUSE
I’m a dentist for monsters. It’s not just teeth they need help with.
Welcome to Shirley
My first day on the job at Disney World is getting exhausting. (4)
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and i experienced was a nughtmare. Fourth session - Stan.
Appreciate Your Time
always say "tabi tabi po" - The old lady with a bottle of beetles
I discovered a radio station for a town that doesn't exist. Ep 2
I Opened a Black Box I Found at the Beach. Now I Wish I Hadn't.
Why I no longer allow myself to sleep late
Why I hate Sonic The Hedgehog (PART 1)
I've been finding A LOT of dead animals lately
Something followed me from my past.
My OCD
The Mysterious Man
HAIR EATER  final
Min gammelfarfars foto. Del 1.
Here is Why You Should Really Stay Home During the Coronavirus Outbreak
Everybody says time travel would be fun, maybe it is, when you get to choose where you go. (Pt. 2)
I'm an amateur filmmaker who knows too much. My latest documentary got the attention of something that isn't human.
The Nightmare Machine
My Daddy Doesn't Hurt Me
Zoo, Part 1 (NSFW)
I woke up today.
My Husband and I want to kill each other Part 2
I bought a second-hand chair and it transported my daughter to another world
I just broadcasted the biggest Twitch stream of my life, but now me and my chat are scarred for life.
I Have Been Leading a Troop to a Winter Outpost, We Lose a Man in the Snow Every Hour
THE PROBLEM WITH THE NEW WORLD ORDRE PLAN
I saw a cult.
Honey.
The First Time I Killed a Witch
A twitch love story
swing
I work at McDonald’s and I am getting stalked by a customer
A Horrible Thing Outside The Window
My lover keeps dying
Advenimus (2)
The Was Something Wrong With The Fog This Morning
Area 51 Raid Members
Pentagram46agent log 1: Howdy
I'm In Purgatory, I Think
On my second day in a row of not sleeping
Define "Stalker"
Pool
Creepy Pasta - Mall Santa (not the one with the demon under the bed!)
The cameras saved us.
I Think My Sister's Doll is Trying to Kill Me
I'm lost in a German forest. I think I got away from whatever attacked my group.
How I Won Back My Ex-Boyfriend, With A Little Help From Yoga And The Gym.
Don't stop scrubbing.
My great-grandfather's encounter with the KKK
The Love of My Life
It watched me from the dark
My cousin tried to kill me because she was possessed
My Old Friend's Daughter Has Gone Missing. The Culprit Is The Emboidment Of Evil.
Overnight
My name is Project #124, part 2
My housemate was a prankster. He scared the hell out of me.
Lay with me
A Glimpse of the Unreal
Unreleased Presidential Addresses
The Underwear Dream
8ight After: if you don't believe, then you have nothing to fear - A Ghost Story with photographic proof -- Part 2
My door turns darker everyday. I found the disturbing truth behind it too late.
White walkers aren't real; and they definitely don't squat in abandoned houses. pt. 1My "me too" moment while hitchhiking
That does the trick
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this is the last call. (Part 5)
The Rise of Yaw'Keii
Why we don't answer the doorbell
Every night I hear five knocks at the window.
They Come In Between the Seconds
Every night my wife farts at 10:43, i wish i never found out why.
My Dead Heart Beats in The Mirror
A strange shade
Knock Thrice before you enter. It’s only Polite, my Mother Warned me.
She liked having a child. (alternate ending non-canon)
They Wore Glass Faces
The husk
Pet's Are My Life
If you a see a rose in your mailbox, throw it away
My dad's appetite keeps getting bigger... and stranger
Eye in the Woods.
The Missing Children
I was Almost Killed by The Birch Beast.
Scary Story Currently Happening
Entering my teens nearly got me killed
Do Not Interact with the Strange Children
Why did Gleb Korablyov livestream his shotgun suicide?
Conversations With a Mouth
Asmr &amp; the butterfly effect
Be Aware of The Walls
My sleep paralysis demon isn't like the rest. pt1
I think traveled through time in my sleep.
The Viles - 1: Liam
I work in a Pawn Shop- Update 3- The thing in the woods isn't me.
If you vape and see a juice called “Garra ardiente”, in a vape store, DO NOT vape it, or even buy it. I think it may have done something to my sister. (Part 1)
"The Untitled Document" Sacrifices. Entry Five
Elmo dream i had when i was 9 i guess
My nightmare is coming true. Please help me
Owl Man
I’m from the future. Please, don’t go to Mars
How to Survive Camping - Rule #4: the dancers
I see things in walls
I am responsible for something worse than death happening to over a hundred children.
This was only posted because I had to.
I started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  Chapter 2.
My friends and I found a bunker. Now I’m not sure we’re allowed to leave. (Pt. 1)The Inside Prince
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Five Point Pentagram
Pot Roast
A black figure started to appeared around me and it won't leave (part 2)
"Spiders"
Duct Tape
Journal of a Relic Hunter part 1
My Wife's Going Through Some...Body Changes
The path to damnation through greed
My Cabin is haunted
My body is acting strange part 2 Niels
Pigshit
Stimulus package?
Crocheting was the worst thing to every happen to me
The Man said I would never feel pain again. I guess he was right.
Sisterhood (Part 1 of 4)
Confessions of a Belfast cop - part 2
Noisy Neighbors
My Husband is Missing and I Think Aliens got Him! (Part 2)
My small farm is having some unusual occurrences...
Mini
Tapping on window
I'm Your Maid and I Keep Your Secrets ... Some of You Have A Lot of Secrets...
They keep getting LOUDER!
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady
Kiskadee
Hi young gun I'm you perv. unclevic420 I'm at g mail place I'll talk more latet
The Smiling Man
Brittle Bones (revised)
The Priory
I⃠f⃠ y⃠o⃠u⃠ c⃠a⃠n⃠ s⃠e⃠e⃠ t⃠h⃠i⃠s⃠ r⃠u⃠n⃠
Between the Boxes - A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing
I Found the Strangest Note in my Hotel Room
This is how you kill a Wendigo
Cabot House
Its 4 in the morning and someone keeps knocking on my door
My cat went missing.What came back wasn't my cat
An insanely long high school story: also an apology to a girl I liked/was obsessed with
The Burned Photo
If there is overpopulation in hell, we will start disposing souls into oblivion.
How I (24F) Lost 70lbs With One Easy Pill
My Friend Claimed To Know The Truth. We Never Listened. We Should Have Listened.
The story of Sarah and the Demon in her house.
Y
Every Family in Town Has a Curse - Part Three
The Creature I Saw In My Hallway Still Haunts me
I am going to shoot the goddamn Moon.
A Halloween Story for Geeks
Can’t sleep, thinking about life
Lucid dreaming is MUCH darker than i could ever imagine, and now i'm terrified to go to sleep
The Longest Night - Part 1
The Camera Stalker
I can't fight it anymore
The Tully Way Hotel
The Experience of Emptiness
I'm a celebrity stalker, and I don't think my latest obsession is human.Lost Angels
Blood moon’s night
The hunter.
I did time at a video store.
There's something wrong with my vision
My boss got angry at me.
The Thing Between The TreesMy Worst Job Interview Came Back to Haunt Me and I Need to Warn You
Something other than Voudou, pt. 3
If you can read this welcome to hell
Lungdrinker
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 6)
Born to Change the World
Grace
The Photo Box
I read a book that actually transports you to another world.
The Numbers Man
I'm trapped in a dream and can't wake up
2 furries keep harassing me, so I had to do the unthinkable
Do not go hiking alone. Trust me.
Consumed By Ambition
I thought that taking a vacation was supposed to be peacefull.
Twelve Yellow Eyes Stared From The Dark.
Disturbed patient pt.3
"I'm Glad You Called."
I recently got an abortion
My dog warned me about my uncle…
My sister's imaginary friend came to visit
Go Through the Blue Door, Emily
Disney after Dark: A Zippity Do Dah Day
I thought my fiance was cheating on me. But the truth might be even worse.
Night Audit: My Job Isn't Normal
My families winter cabin was abandoned 7 years ago and I never knew why.
The stray cats in my neighborhood are not what they seem.
the girl at my seat
la siguanaba; la mujer cara de caballo casi se lleva a mi abuelo
Mysterious Phone Calls
I wear noise canceling headphones in study hall sometimes. But now its cost me a friend.
Eye-Man
My co-workers disappeared and I still haven’t heard from them
There's a locked door in my new apartment
Everything I touch decays and dies
He has a chain wrapped around his body
This voice keeps coming to me whilst I sleep. Read on and you'll understand why I'm completely fucked up from this.
Morgan’s creek- part 1 of 6
anyone remember this game?
The Four Knocks
The Erebus Project
He was scared of rabbits, we didn't listen
Engine 3191 Chugs Along on Tracks That Don't Exist on A Line Abandoned Long Ago
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - PART 2
My first day on the job at Disney World needs to chill with the Polar Express vibes. (8)
The Vietnamese Had a Secret Weapon. We Never Stood a Chance.
Utter Madness.
When the walls start moving
The ice cream man has a new flavour and the kids are crazy for it.
"The Secret Nature Of Vampire Zed" My first writing attempt I translated it to English from my original language.
My new employees are seriously giving me dread
I'm a Landscape Painter, but Sometimes I use More Than Just Paint
The Tully Way Hotel
I used to be a pet sitter
An idea I've had
Every Year on May 24th, I Have to Survive a Little Girl that tries to kill me in my Mansion: Part 2 of 2
Confessions of a Belfast cop - part 1
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 2)
This one’s still out there— Nearest town to last sighting: Taylor, Arkansas
Todd Was Never Really My Friend...
There’s Something Off About Camp Newmark
Siblings
I heard a strange noise in my backyard last night. There was a man there who told me a very disturbing fact about our world.
A short story from a short life
don't go to saint james' park.
I almost got killed for the sake of some ancient entity and I can't believe I survived to tell you about it. I need to make a decision now though..Can you help?If a child with black eyes knocks on your door... (part 2)
Sticky Notes
What if I told
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
7 Minutes in Hell
Eerie Encounters on Cresson Mountain in Western Pennsylvania, circa 1965
‘Yes, I am patient zero’
Something "Stuffed" in the Walls
There is something wrong with my pond and I don't know what its (part 1)
A literal chill down the spine
Primal Running
HE comes once a year
My plane had crashed on an abandoned island, I wasn't alone there / Part 1
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist
I FOUND A REAL GENIE AND NOW I'M CURSED
A Room To Sleep In
My brother used this account to post videos of the entities he saw in his mirror. You should know what happened next.
Ghost and Classical music
I Never Believed in Chain Mail, But Now I’m Dying
There are Painting Trees in my mind.
Dreams of Great Depth
An oldie but goodie(Not OC)
The coltrane case.
Anyone else love Leathal Weapon a bit too much growing up?
TIFU by attempting to reconnect with my childhood internet friend.
Big Chungus is not real
Blindman
Desperation
Creepiest picture I've found on 'This Person Does Not Exist' so far.
Space, the endless expanse, is where I felt safe, my worries a world away. This is why i can never go back.
I haven't slept in years.
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back.
I was a volunteer rescue diver.
I tried to kill myself two years ago... and I think I succeeded.
My friend who couldn't get rid of the darkness
Hotel Lakeview Crescent 🌙
I made a creepypasta video go check it out:)
A place you might find yourself.
Hidden Places
I love you dearly my little one
In Search of the Many-Legged God
3 Years Ago I Bought My Dream House
Eighteen legs of WTF
what do i do
The highway- real storry
Have you heard of Samantha Ables? The Sammy file.
If See a Weird Commercial Always Buy What It's Selling
To all Institute agents: Object is on the run.
The Last Answering Machine on Earth
Be careful of the shuttle busses at Disney World unless your willing to learn the real truth
I woke up to a post-apocalyptic world this morning, and I don’t remember what happened (Part 1)
I recently inherited my grandfathers home and things are a bit off (update)
I guess you never really know
My husband just bought a new game, and it’s ruining our lives.
Institute #5671891
I waited days to clean off my grandmother's gravestone. I'm only allowed 24 hours.
Spirits
The monster moved in (part 1)
I was sold a mansion for £100/124.50$ I wish I never even thought about it
St. Gideon sanatorium
The cat that skips time
The Chemist - I'm on the phone with my girlfriend when she gets kidnapped, what happens next...
Welcome To The Blackout Cinema
Automatonophobia
Being A Vegan
Why you should not sleep with your petsnake
The monster Hunter vol. 1
I've known about aliens for years... It's time to leave Earth.
I’ve never been out of my room *revised*
I met a woman at work today.
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 11
My Brother Disappeared and No one Remembers Him.
My name is Agent Hadida and I hunt government experiments for a 3 letter agency
December 2019 Winners!
I think there’s something in my apartment
I’ve seen an unreleased episode of super wings i wish I hadn’t.
Little Hannah
Butterflies
Woody
A week in hell
Screaming baby skeleton

Realistic Nightmare
Don't go back to the Oceanic Trenches. Part 1.
My friend made a "living guitar." Then I got sucked into a demonic abyss of heavy metal.
No one remembers my brother, except me (Part 2)
I think maybe some memories are best left forgotten.
My best janitor has been washing the same bathroom for the past 10 hours
NSFL story of how I learned about HOT as a toddler.
Arachnophobia (part 1)
I have been stuck in a loop for as long as I can remember.
Wilting Flower
Acceptance
I was chosen...
My Terrible Skin Condition Nearly Ruined my Life
I’m a therapist, and my patient is in love with a pedophileThe shadow man
Final Grin
I might be haunted? True story.
Hell awaits
I don't have a reflection any more
Honey bear
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 6. Finale
The True Horror Movie Experience. Part Five.
FrankTV
Incident 1A-
Never Approach the Ice Cream Van
Bird Watching part .
Hawaii
I thought True Moments was a great app. Then it started stealing my memories.
the little girl in the back room
There’s a creature outside in my backyard #1
I found out the horrifying truth of why sleep exists.
My cat keeps putting human body parts in my shoes.
Weird McDonald’s experience
I was Rear Ended by a Murderer, I Just Woke Up Next to Myself in a Hospital Bed.
UNITED STATES URGENT EMERGENCY BROADCAST
Hydra
Bard's Tale In Modern Age (is it my hair?)
Drakesfield: Part 1
STAY AWAY FROM THE BASEMENT. (Part 1)
Sister, Help me.
My friend's death was part of a experiment
What's Eating You?
Uninvited guest
My first day on the job at Disney World and I don't think I'm human anymore... (5)
Art of human flesh
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Part 4 -
Night of the Dogs
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. The hunt is over.
Don't go out at night.
I'm not sure what I saw, but I don't want to go back.
My Skinwalker Experience
How my little brother became a shadow
I started freelance fiction writing.
The Shusher
Beyond the Camp Grounds
Why I killed the Christmas elf who would visit me every Christmas Eve.
A story of my ghost-seeing friend
MOM SEEKS FOR ME
A Man Named Poppa
A drunken night at the Blue Room changed everything.
Under your car
How To Survive Royal WoodLand Resort
Diyu, The Perfect Sleep Medication
Don't go out to Belvedere House
Still terrified of sleep paralysis.
I Think Something Terrible Happened to My Sister.
Blue lagoon
The Swede and His Smile
My Shadow
The Ghost In My Dreams
The Danger of Taking the Red-Eye
We All have Fears. i think i need help
I now live only to run away from him.
Honey Head
If you receive a senderless email, you're already doomed
I competed in a game show where the contestants face their worst fears. The final round broke me.
My brothers warning about a video he got in his email
EVE
My Grandfather Died and His Will Demands That I Kill My Father
The thumping at the back of my car (Part 2)
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and I confronted the leaders.
how do you like idea of being alone in a ghost town
I've been sleeping with ear plugs for months
Bare Bones, a Poem of Fear
Every 12 hours a random butthole appears on a wall in my home. It drops me an item I’ll need for that day. Yesterday it dropped a weird talisman. (Part 1)
This happened to me right now and I have my whole body petrified in fear.
The thing is here
Scam calls have really gotten out of hand lately
Spacemite
The Call That Ended My Career. Part IV.
Everyone knows Tom Paul
9 Months of Hell or I Only Wanted A Pony
Something is eating your memories every night. It's my job to remind you, and I won't stop until you escape. PART 372
The Preacher House of Cedar Creek
My ex and I took our kids for photos with Santa. That was a mistake.
I regret moving to Alaska (2)
They Call Me Spacegirl and I Have A Gift
I'm playing a game that I can't get out of
Tragedy at Toontown: Cartoon Man Origins
Trying to figure out what this is
The Tote Bins
When I was a kid, I found a strange world outside the window
The Eyes of Eternity
Ghost shit went down
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART IV
Pick
There is something wrong with my phone.
I answered one of those "Have you or a loved one been in an accident in the last six months?” spam calls
An app called CreepyPasta
Jingles
God Is In The Basement
there is something in my walls
My father discovered scientific evidence of ghosts using a particle collider
I have a stalker.
My wife just bought a doll 3
Hidden Subway (Short Story)
I finally figured out why I felt eyes on meAn Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part III
I am a Supernatural Therapist (FINALE) - Wrath of the Dead God
Emotional Dave
The Melancholic Death of the Psychotic Dr. Night Train - Part 2
Very Lucid Dreams and shit sleep patterns
The truth about caillou's parentsOh Klahoma
DECA EX DEXEDRINE
Don't leave me
The Cult Of The Cruel Worlds (my first story)
I think there's someone living in the upstairs apartment, and it's not the neighbor
At first I thought I had dandruff
The Left/Right game podcast explained?
Birth
I ate the worlds hottest chilli. It. Won't. Stop. Burning.
The quarry leeches
Someone was tapping on my window last night
Penny’s Parents
I was about to leave the store, when the bombs dropped
Don't be Curious.
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I found within- final part
Fire on the mountain
My Husband Is A Serial Killer. And He’s Still Out There
(True) Desperate guy from Warcraft wouldn't let us have a good Halloween.
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird (Part 2)
My Friend's Bed Was Haunted by Sexual Energy
I Work as a Diamond Prospector in Northern Canada. That's not all That I find.
Something keeps visiting me at night. It's terrifying.
I should have never talked to her
Miss Pumpkin
Knock! Knock! New true scary story
My close friend summoned a demon for his sex tape
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Six
MySins.doc
Cannot Beg enough for long term rape
Last week I found an old letter from a previous parishioner at my former church. It was the first and only time anyone had ever asked me to perform an exorcism.
GET OUT NOW!!! THE SIM IS COLLAPSING!
First day back to work after quarantine
The Airport
Creeping Charlie Part2
Crypticzoology (Part 1) (OC)
I Sent My Dead Grandfather's Ashes Into Space. Something Horrifying Happened After I Did. Photos Included.
A strange occurance
What’s your scariest true story?
All my dreams have been coming true and it’s horrible.
I have a habit of going "File" and "Save page as" to keep offline pages.
I'm a cinema usher. We have some strange rules
I'm a Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 2)
Confessions Of A Fisherman In a Town Called Langurst
Why I don't play Call of Duty anymore
The Reason I Stopped Trick or Treating
We went inside the Albino House.
The Archivist
Every time I have fun, something bad happens.
Manned Atmospheric Balloon Test Flight – 28DEC1957 – Mission Codename: Icarus – Status: CLASSIFIED
I have to help a ghost in a lot of trouble - PART TWO
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 1: Traveling Up the Pipeline
Something's happening to a plastic display animal on our park's safari trail
Welcome to Africa (Part 1)
The Visit.
Love Letters, All Consuming.
The Woods Behind Our House
Don’t mispronounce a demon’s name, or you may summon something else.
Voice Outside My House
We survived a Wendigo attack.
There Once Was A Girl Who Swallowed A Fly
Those Blue Eyes
Im a door and window technician
I think I'm Pregnant with the AnitChrist
Psychosis
I Saw Siren Head at Disney
Parents, Watch out for Baby Shark
I drove to Hell, Michigan with my brother and it didn't turn out the way I thought it would...
YouTube channel that soon gets stalked.
Black as Pitch
I Have A Strange Taste in Food
Doc, contract killer.
Anteater
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 3)
The mind of drakness
I'm trapped in the house atop the hill, and now hate secret tunnels
the guardian chapter 1
ansiedad
My job has some new interesting rules.
I moved to the country and befriended an old man and his dog. I saw his life every time I looked in the mirror.
KAREN
Ranger 1, do you copy?
February 2021 Voting Thread
If you’re reading this, I will be born. And one day, you will let me die
Have you ever wondered in there is multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying - He found me
I'm an ex-SWAT office, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence (part 2)
I used to deliver pizza. One time, things went very, very wrong.
A good boy.
A Letter to my Son Dixon
I always get nervous when my girlfriend goes out without me
THE WARNING
Impostor Killcount
I only hunt those who hunt others.
I Think My New Roommate Is Slenderman
I Know You're Watching
I work in my university lab and sometimes I decide to work remotely using TeamViewer
I can hear morse code no one else can hear.
Time AttackKnock,Knock,Knock
There's a strange man standing across the street from my house.
The Fox Man
You thought the backrooms were bad
I was forced to enter an online competition, I wish I hadn't
Anyone else’s body totally outta whack
It listens, it repeats
Beneath Borneo
There are things the public doesn't know about Mars. Part 1
People in My Community Are Going Missing
The pictures I get daily are getting closer to my house.
Remains
I’m stuck in school with REDACTED
Investigating my friend's suicide... His film partner was infuriating to talk to
I'm new to reddit please go easy on me!
I got put into another dimension for detention one time.
I just got a letter from my friend who has been missing for months now, he has been fighting demons.
My mother has barely talked for 3 years, now I know why
My Brother Found the Room in the Basement
Amaurot
She loves Monday’s..
Not Me (Part One)
She's mine
The Imitator Records. My Hunt for North America's Newest Predator. Document One, My Own Thoughts and Introduction to the Imitator along with Cop and Surviver Interview (Damaged)
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota
I Think I'm In The Wrong Hospital pt. 2
COVID-19 and its affect on my mental health.
The ascent
I took LSD from a stranger I don't remember who I am.
Do not leave chains under your bed
PART II: The Way the Bunsen Burned
I work in a camping resort, and i found a different set of rules...
they’re back
Help me, Im trapped. But I dont want to escape...
The voices in the woods
In my hometown, cancer is a communicable disease, passed by evil deeds. STAGE 4 (Part 2)Mankanto
My Dreams Keep talking to me
We Tied the Basement Door Closed
A new legend has started in my town.
The Help
Lock Down at my Middle School
Knock knock
Legend of the two pale girls
How I knew Liam was ‘the one’
My job is to listen to the recordings sent to the Institute of Paranormal Research. Here are some of them. Part 1 - Crystals
I'm not normal
Grandpa's War Story
Hachishakusama
Something happened to my best friend in the woods, and I can't forget about it or forgive myself.
I’m one of four sisters and we were all born cursed.
I Finally Astral Projected and Wish I Never Did.
Did anyone else see this show?
A Letter to the Nightmare Vault
How do I get my best friend to stop being mad at me?
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 1
We had an exorcism for my sister, but something worse happened.
Let me tell you about the fate of Michael Gordon – December 15
Someone or something is following me
Mr. Creep
I could not sleep after watching this
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 3)
The Hunter entries 6-10 by Tee Stache
I Went To The Grocery Store But Now The Manager Won’t Let Me Leave
My Ghost Experience “True Story”
Into the Forest
I Took A Job As A Janitor and I Had To Follow Very Strange Instructions.The Diary Of William Corvin
My TV shows me the demons in my room...
‏Shadows people
The Eucalyptus Trees
Its making my life harder
I'm working at hotel that is always full but with few guest. I have a odd list of rules to follow while working my shift. (Part 3)
The Toy Chest
Happened to me just now.
The Doll that was Alive - the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 3) -repost
I work at a secret government facility.What I see will scare you. Part 1
I was nervous about meeting my boyfriend's father. Now I am terrified.
"You should be thanking me"
My town is a little strange (part 5)
I bought a house in a small rural village that has 3 rules
Close the gate for the children.
I don't dream anymore
I'm Patricia Barnes, hitman for ghosts that only I can see. Here's how this part of the story ended.
Rumors from the Ground
The 2016 House (Series)
Scary Experiences
Police Report #00B-C2-47; Reference: Smile.JPG
Reperfection (Part 1)
Recurring nightmare
Rush hour train is packed, even though there's only me.
Ralph The Goldfish Is Killing Everyone In His Path. Sorry Not Sorry.
Something weird just happened to me and I don’t understand it.
The Esmeralda County Specter.
i made a short sweet post apocalyptic one.
Is My Housemate Even Real? Part 2
Don’t forget to feed the fish.
Last time I saw a portable morgue unit was in vienam
I believe our lakeside rental was trespassed while our group of friends slept. News piece included
The voice from downstairs
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, There are Two Voices of God
True Strory
I Had To Follow These Guidelines For Survival (part 1)
Story with funny twist at the end
I just graduated from medical school, and my list of rules led me down a bizarre hallway
I am not scared anymore...
Don't wake IT up!
Raising Max
The SCUBA ghost
Holes (Full story)
Catfish
I think it knows I'm there and I don't know what to do
When you die on the internet
The name’s Victor. My grandson is a...different...kind of police officer.
By dog is scared of deodorant
I dont even laught anymore
Learning to fly
My Reoccurring nightmares has led me to an Evil Toilet
I'm a serial killer but I kill people for a reason.
it wasn't water
A New (Old) Door Just Appeared in My Basement
My lovely home, well, at least it used to be.
The Man In The Window
I moved into my sister's apartment for college, and I saw her plans for harvesting organs.
"Pimples" have began appearing everywhere on my body.
I work in tech support. I fix problems.
I applied to become a night-time custodian at the local elementary school. There was a set of rules I had to follow. (PART 1)
I need to close my eyes
My father is the reason you have déjà vu (FINAL PART)
I Work on a Boat. Our Cargo is Children.
Aliens don't fly spaceships, they drive semi-trucks.
I love him so much!
Nosleep is a competitive place. I'm on my way to the top.
I Am In Complete Darkness
My living nightmare
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART III
It's midnight, yet the birds are still singing.
I hate squirrels.
The one that got away
They're real
There’s nothing safe about deer hunting in the Alabama forests
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 5)
The tattered journal on the beach, of which I'm struggling to deduce its origins.
My town smells like opioid poop.
Unknown Dog
Meet the Television Man
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it
I'm an undercover journalist in a cult
Long Necked Girl
You Should Press Play 4
I died last night
Go add this fallen angel on Snapchat: @emilybubxo and get some of her premium content you won't regret it! 😉🔥🔥
A caution for those who swipe right on every profile on Tinder...
The Creature
I was going to get some stuff from my dead uncle but it didnt go verry good
Weird things happened to me last night
Burning Up
Extremely short story of wtf
We decided to make a cursed film.
Something I can't forget in a million years..
Be Careful What You Wish For...
wrong note
Under the ice
Grandpa's Effigy
I found an old journal while hiking this weekend
My world was shattered by something unexplainable, now it's just a part of my life. P.2
The Third Floor Bedroom
7 Signs of a Psychopath (3)
podcast looking for scary stories
The Selkrons Family.
Những mẫu rèm lá dọc phòng khách sang trọng, trang nhã
Goodbyes are always hard
Maybe I should've slep and mindedmy own business PART TWO
Drip
The Nursing Home I'm Working At Has A Very Strange List of Rules
I’m not Alone in this Bunker
Paranormal activity
It's like Chicken Little said: The sky is falling.
I found my father dead from suicide. I am traumatized. Please help
Don’t watch this 🔪
I hear footsteps every night before bed. Lately, they're getting louder.
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Part 3)
The Reaper of the Homeless - First I heard the cries of others, then I saw why.
It's snowing for the first time in 6 years, and something isn't right...
Every night, a man crawls through my window and stares at me from the foot of my bed.
Brittlebones (Obviously Fictional)
Arachbed
People who lived in haunted houses share their CREEPY and PARANORMAL Sto...
Her name was Nox (Part 2)
Four hundred dollars
The Burden 1
Jenny is real. I wish my parents would believe me.
The Wedding
Hey! I'm a music producer from India!
Received another email this time with a longer journal entry attached.
The Root of my Pain
Did anyone else celebrate the anti-Christmas?
My father's demon
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 3)
There’s something on my wall
You Are Not Alone
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive.
Light Rail
We snuck into Lechuguilla Cave. Now I know where all the missing people go
SCP Fan Story
I walk upstairs...
You're not perfect
The metro experiment arc
The Christmas Elf is watching you...
Monster, please save me.
My Work as a Therapist
0247 and i cant sleep snuggling up in this AZ heat blah blah blah blah my pets just want to eat
I’m a lawyer and my client killed their whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence. Part 4.
If you want to find the gateway to hell, just look for the smokestack at Hell Holler Hollow
Get ready to welcome Cthulhu in April...
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 5Our Plane Crashed In A Jungle We Weren't Flying Over, And There's Something In The Trees.
You're going to kill your grandmother
My dad gave me a soul for my birthday… and now I know what kind of dolls he really makes
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Twelve) FINAL
Betty
This is Why I don't Do Whipits anymore
I’ve had an extreme phobia of heights all my life. Last night, I finally saw its true face.
I AM THE END OF THE WORLD
The Stairs
DORM #447
I don't know who I just met
homemade ouija board gone wrong
There are some rules when living next to the woods. Ignore the lights in the trees.
you appear to be scared watch this
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's (part 3)
This town has a secret and it lives under bridges.
One Night Stand
Abandon house on Halloween
A girl killed the monster in the alley.
Pick what you want
Halloween 2019 will be the end of humanity
She had to leave me to LIVE
I can not say if the creature I saw on the subway this morning was there to harm me or warn me, all I know is that I do not want to see it again.
A Dangerous Love Story
The forest fire didn't reach us, but something else did
Diary of a female serial killer.
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird (Part 3)
I watched my parents get eaten by my friends family..
Dreaming
The Hospital Room.
I was Born Blind, But in my Dreams I can See. I Wish I hadn't Made it Stop.
My Sexy Snapchat Stranger
(PART 2) We went to go see Christmas lights but something came to see us
IMPULSE- A KILLER'S MINDSET (part 2)
The prison I’m in is a front for something far, far worse
I'm A Monster That Can't Stop Killing
Killing Mommy’s Boyfriend
The Call That Ended My Career. Part III.
Confessions of a Tooth Fairy
"Do you come here often?"
Can someone PLEASE tell me the video camera on 3DS is glitched to hell.
Trapped in My Car
the shadow that watches me sleep
Some doors should stay closed.
Satan Asked Me to be the Antichrist
I went out to buy groceries and something followed me home.
The Black Silo part 2
People keep disappearing in my town
An Amateur Exorcist: The Voice in the Fireplace
Paranormal?
This happens to me too. While reading this post, I heard the drip became very loud and rapid outside my window
Does anyone remember Gorbo toys?
Escape Your Inner Demons For Only $19.85
Trying to find thread
When the lights that go out in a pub, NEVER go down into it because you WILL regret it, I do
The place inbetween realms
Beware the Button Man
I make people tell me the truth by keeping eye contact with them.
There's a man in the window
My garage door is different
Something Strange is Happening in my New House.
What Woke Us Up?
I met a homeless man who lived in a mansion
Something happened last night that I fear I will never be able to forget.
The Rogue Ragman
San Jacinto cries
Don't attend Swedish private schools
Three children speaking an unknown language have just wandered into our town
My heart is a grave.
When you see the game named ‘Inside’, don’t ever play it!
I feel hands in my body (part 1)
I'm a monster that's Hired to hunt other Monsters (part 2)
There Was Nothing There But...
The Thing in the Basement.
It Took My Brother Being in Danger for Me to Accept Help
Something is wrong with Bailey...
Why I will always perform a cleansing when moving houses
The Man Named Mister Pavor (Part 1)
Hey Penny
There sentence horror story
Glitch (Part Three)
My new roommate Part1
My boyfriend disappeared, and I think I know who has him
My friend is a murderer please help!!!!!
Ghost Writer
The Abandoned Tunnel
You have a delivery scheduled. Part Four.
I might be new here so hi
These are just stories..
how i kill myself
i got hit by a toaster and it Changed my life forever!!!!!?!!!!?
The Final Transmission
Have you heard of the Midnight Matcher or Midnight Man....
A Petition to Re-Establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories- IV
Child of the Wick
My Neighbors Take Halloween A Little Too Serious
He really shouldn't have robbed my flat
Things feel different... Not as they used to...
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 4
You Won't Believe What My Job Is
There is something under my skin
The Lake By His House
I Bought A Prostitute, The Head Was The Best Part.
Tales From The Diner - The Pukwudgie Incident - Part 6
My Parallel Dimension Home
I Found An Old Pirate Ship, Here’s What Happened Next.
They’re Coming
My Mother Went Missing While On Vacation
Happiville
Elephants
Watch out for Drop Bears in the Australian Outback
Don't Eat Out
From the institute of the mind, I bring you D.C. The vacation of a nightmare.
I love my job and this is how I indirectly killed my boss.
The calling of the sea
Roadwork
If I’m Going Out, It Ain’t Gonna Be Here... (Part One)
The man at the coffee shop
The Shushing Corpse
Oranges
I was saved from being rape. My savior however... wasn’t human. Part 1
phone ring tone
I lived in a haunted house for a year with an aggressive spirit (sorry for bad structure this is my first post on this subreddit)
I’m a Retired Priest, I took steps to become ordained again. The Devil is in the Details. LAST COMMANDMENT.
There Was Something Wicked About The Fog Of 87
(OC) My unfished story
Random horror story anthony form the internet: Misplaced Doll
I've seen the other realm.
It has been one day since the lights flickered
I keep waking up at 3 am
Club Penguin Anarchy Chapter 1
The Section 28 Hitman
The canvas
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave
After what I read today, I'm convinced the television show I starred in was cursed.
Please help me, I don't know what this noise is.
I will never be alone again (1/3)
Apalir (Part 1)
It'll be difficult to believe how much of this actual happened.
The noises on Takao Mountain
5 Tried and True Tips for Those Who Have Sleep Problems
Everyone needs a friend inside their mind
Disobedient Children Are Punished.
They didn't believe me when I said there's something in my closet (Part 1)
Silence in the Air
He's not who he says he is.
The man in our basement
I live in a small town named Raw. If a stranger wakes up screaming outside your house at night, you have to take them in.
come on down to Jager's meat and poultry store
real live ghosts hunt tonight join us if you dear !!!!!!
It's just yesterday. What's the worst that could happen?
Grain.
Tales from 6 feet under: The Stalker
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I can’t remember my name and something is chasing me in the dark.
I live in front of a mirror (part 1)
Captivity Opened my Eyes - Part 3/3
I found the edge of the internet. Here’s how to access it.
A Warning for Those to Come
I deal on the dark web, After this last one, I think I'm gonna take a break.
I worked as a part-time employee for a Landscaping Company, and I regret it
THE BOAT
"Hey girls!"
The Eeriest/Grossest Thing That Ever Happened to Me
WHAT THE FUCK IS 1444 IN YOUTUBE?
It’s Family Day here at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline!
Am I Hallucinating?
I found a hidden world under my house. The nightmare followed me home.
Birthday Disappointment.
Something in my house keeps opening doors while I sleep
Monster-roommate
I will never take it off my earphones.
One of Our Cattle Started Biting
Someone keeps whistling in front of my house and I can't even see them.
don't eat animals from Texas
The other four (part 2 of the murder tape incident)
I listen to video calls and meetings, I'm going to quit tomorrow, I've seen too much
Found glass shard and salt on bed and floor
Mr. Goop (Update)
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive.
A Parental Guide to Teenage Lycanthropy
The barn
NSFW. I worked at a top secret bunker in North Dakota. Something really bad happened.
I'm recovering from a car crash, and some thing don't make sense.
Conversations With The Monsters In My Basement: One
Black eyes 😶
I helped cure Mrs. Wickers' schizophrenia and now i'm seeing the same things she did.
My dog is a man-eater
Heroine
He follows me backwards
Beware The Govot
Only the authorities know about this.. Part 1?
"The Cats Keep Us Safe" - Strange Findings from The Archives
The hodded man
It's Coming
The unhirable nurse
Emperors Concubine
Undiscovered Corpse
All I wanted was to kill my father, but what I found in his cellar made me question everything I believe.
They’re Real
The Wednesday Conspiracy – A hidden European gem
The suicide game/Creepypasta/Nosleep
An SMG4 episode not well known by the fandom
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 2)
I Hate to Ask Strangers for Help, But . . .
Walking In A Winter Wonderland
I've started noticing "things".
ATTENTION NORTH EAST TEXAS AND SURROUNDING STATES- I HAVE A WARNING YOU NEED TO HEED.
Everywhere I look, I see headlights
A Place called Apple
Soulless Sam
My plane keeps crashing and I can't stop it. Part One
A day without words
Jay’s bar
I Heard The Music That Plays After You Die
Grey City Tales: Sanitation
A good bed time story is one that helps you drift off to sleep. A bad one keeps you awake.
The Conqueror
Uncle Jack Doesn’t Have Eyes
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: An uncanny way morning occurence/Apartment B
creepy poem appeared in my dream journal
I can't pee
I Overturned My Boat Alone in a Cold Northern Sea. This is What I Experienced. (Part 2, Final)
SLEEP PARALYSIS ETC...
My bishop across the street is a little strange.
I always hated three things: static, mannequins and mirrors.
Odd figure in ran down church
My life living in a haunted house (true story)
I Never Touched Him
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people.
I Swear I'm Not Crazy
I started working at a retirement home, and I've been given a list of strange rules to follow (Part 3)
The Man At The Edge Of The Woods
Never Eat stuff from Food Trucks............, Especially in Japan
Why I don't use Snap Map
A machine that could see our future?
I’m a ranger at America’s largest Blackwater swamp. I finally escaped. (Part 3)
Every time my name is called, someone dies (part 2)
We got stuck in Arkansas
Fifty Cent Horror
Mysterious black figure runs down my hall
The Scratching
I think I’m slowly slipping into perpetual sleep paralysis and it terrifies me beyond words
A Man Has Been Watching Me and My Friend
My daughter will only scream upside down if her mother was present
The dead lady in the abandoned house
The law of Ultraland
I shouldn't have gone running tonight
Have you ever wondered if there are multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying. He found me
I took a bus at night and it dropped me off somewhere truly terrifying.
Missing wallet
CHANNEL TRAILER | KAZPLO
I Think I Took A Cursed Painting From My Friend's House.
End of my rope
My father-in-law tried to kill me...
I’ve found myself in “This person does not exist” two days ago. Now I’m in danger.
The Culling of Demonic Beings...
I work at a state psychiatric hospital, and I've had some weird experiences
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part One)
A new drug appeared in my homeless community, and I think it’s making people eat themselves..(1)
Nazis cared about animals.
advice
This is a confession and a warning: we’re close to the 103rd fold and it’s my fault
Noises In The Dark
I betrayed my bestfriend and I ended up winning and makig everyone believe I was right, Including her.
A very surreal thing happened at dinner last night. I don't think my life will ever be the same again.
Grocery Shopping with Mom
My body has been possessed by a serial killer. Stay the hell away from me!
In the 1970’s the observatory in my town was abruptly closed by the FBI
I'm Daniel and I Have a Story to Tell You
I lived next to a forest of legend. Now I know why people rarely make it out alive.
Lost Between Two Worlds
A device from the future was found in China
I Found a Doll In The Woods. I Wish I Hadn't.
A creature in the woods
Please read my dearest Vlad
The joys and sorrows of revenge.
My Friend is Acting Strange
The Shadow Man
The Devil’s Gonna Set Me Free
Lock Town
Zombie Chicks From Hell
Bully
A stranger gave me a story during sleep paralysis.
Room 404: Not Found
the worst thing about retail isn’t the customers
The Rock from Space
I thought it was all religion,now I hope it is all coincidence.
I knew there was a kidnapper in the town, and he captured me.
Kiss-kiss, Jolly Jo
I Found My Grandpa's World War Two Diaries
I'm Only Hearing Things...
Ran over a puppy
BirthDAY
Stories
Being Psychic Really Isn't All That.
Grinning Creature Sighting
I worked at a mine for 7 days, We found something horrifying
Some things to know about the 51st State
Sooooo... I'm being followed by... Something.
Monsters are escaping from my dad's VR headset.
I keep having dreams about a girl who went missing from my highschool.
He tells me he’s haunted...
What the hell is going on?
The Doomsday Codes
The Controllers
The Figure, Colorado
The Beast that lives deep within Deer Tail Hill
My cat Krazy helped defeat a demon, now I’m scared she isn’t treating me right
Strung Along
I'm a horticulturist, but I'll never grow a plant again
The Ghost In The Retirement Home
I found a secret room in my house. After seeing what’s inside, I’ll never sleep again.
The Window Man
I cannot have been the only person who saw the man-sized, anthropomorphic Moth on the subway station this morning. I'm terrified by what it means.
I'm a Police Officer, I've been looking into a group of cannibals. This house is closing in on me...
Dig
My dead classmate is contacting me (Part 1)
Whispering Hills (pt 1)
Watch my new Hindi adaptation of The Tell Tale Heart as a podcast
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. It’s too late to turn back now.
Nightmares: Stage 1, The Hospital and the list of Rules.
If You’re Reading This: There’s Still Bodies In The Bathroom
i kept having the same dream until it really happened to me
The SATOR square
My recently deceased dad was a complete psychopath, and now he's using his Will to fuck with my family
The tooth fairy isn't as she seems
The Link
I live in a small mining town in the mountains of Colorado. Someone is building a massive casino nearby, Pictures Included
I met Derrick Todd Lee
I dreamed I was sleeping
Working at an amusement park: the Aged Diva and the Pianist
The Chandelier Man
My auntie lives in a well (Part 1)
The Dog In The Darkness
I have a recurring dream. I came to Reddit looking for help
Room 545 A Vampires Lullaby
The cast of my favourite TV show are sitting under my best friend's Christmas tree. I don't think they're here willingly.I work in a lamp store. Knock on wood, not on glass.
What’s Behind Door Number 1 (Part 7)
I went to summer camp with a yandere... It didn’t end well.
I can make people do things they don't want to do
... i needed the money
Sleepy or not?
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here
There's something in my apartment that cleans my room when I'm not there.
The ocean should remain unexplored
Asteroid Viewing
Looking for a story (which had an audio rendition)
Jim's Gym
I Think My Wife Is a Serial Killer But I Am Actually Relieved (Part 2)
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal? (Part Five)
Phone-ly Hope
If you see this, You must read it.
331
I direct indie horror films. One of my cast members is taking their method acting too far.
Interview From Absence
Neurosis
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. Sometimes they don’t get along
Bereavement
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (part 6)
I thought my house was haunted until i found this note
I’m in a cult and I am being punished for being pregnant
A Winter Drive
The Stick Man
The bad hospital
Possible YouTube Scary Stories
The Burnt Face Boy
Crows
Join my redditpage
RUN, NOW
I accidentally killed my stepdad and twin sister
Something Was In My Backyard. Now It's Entered My Dreams.
Part of Me Still Wanted to Crawl Inside
I played a twisted game with the Devil and came out on top PT. 1
I'm innocent
Where do my neighbours go?
My town has a legend. He is very much real.
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle
The Devil's Advocate
The Place of Fear
I wanted adventure. Now I'm in a demon's game.
psychopompos
Don’t open your eyes (Part 1)
They Say Laughter Is Contagious, but So Are Screams
Always Leave a Note.
Are you still watching 'The Saga of The Little Girl With No Tongue'?
My First Time
The fighting neighbors / I need your help
im lost
The Stringfellow Case
The Stalker's Maze
I can't deliver this pizza (Pt. 2)
Fakes
I found something I shouldn't and I regret thinking I could be a Hero - Part 1
My father gave me a bloody paper. Make what you will of it.
Sold a Soul?
My taxi driver has been driving for the last 12 hours
Centre frames norms to keep away from cohorting of COVID-19 patients
Hangman
Strange changes- explainations
Action Figures
This will help you sleep under 3min
The absent reality
Our Roaring Love
I found a child standing on my front porch. I should not have let him in.
I Made A Terrifying Discovery In My Sister’s Lake House
They Come Out At Night
The man in black Game (1 wish)
I can't even look at a TV anymore
(UPDATE): I killed my girlfriend for a game
I hate when grandma toys with me.
Nobody showed up to my high school reunion.
Ashley and the Fat-Cunt.
The Cow-Field Behind My House
Deal with the Devil. I think I caused this pandemic (Part I)
Beware the Little Girl by the River.
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans? (part 3)
Some monsters from a cave were realeses and now, in hundreds, are trying to kill my town.
I visited my old child tree-house. (Part 2)The Birth of COVID-19
Our Parents Never Let Us Go in the Attic, Now I Know Why (Part One)
The Night Man
Flower Forest
Is the Leap Motion compatible with the Index?
Desperate
My school is torturing other children
My phone started to glitch, and now it can't stop.
Why the hell was Craig Pricked? Finale
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 7)
Phantom Ménage of Unit 30
i thought my son was just imagining monsters. I was wrong
the thing that brings me joy is destroying families
There are still prisoners at Alcatraz. You just have to know where to look.
Has anyone else read the "Light filters in", and had bad luck
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
If you are in South Texas PLEASE do not take ALAMO RD - PT 1
Never help a weeping child
The Quiet Roads.
The Butcher Shop
I Need To Let Go
The Mountain Temple
The lady underground.
I signed up for a psychology experiment at school--I'm pretty sure I've made a huge mistake.
Intro: Beyond our Nightmares
Dying gives the body over.
My new dog is such a good boy
Everyday, a new building appears out of nowhere. Soon my entire city will be consumed.
I think me and another user on this sub ran into the same thing last night and if so I am absolutely terrified.
Mrs. Celia Speaks Softly
I can’t tell if i’m alive or not anymore: Patient Zane Murray
Blurry Faced Thing Pt. 1: The Cottage Dream
World of darkness
It's hard to tend a bar
Posted 9 Minutes Ago.
Blocked Pipes
No one will look at me and I don't know why
My wierd dream
A House is Not Always a Home
I'm a cinema usher. We have some strange rules
I see things that others don't,
Forever Followed By Monsters part 4
I’m About To Exhume A Dead Girl
I'm a private investigator that works on strange cases
Somebody wearing a mask has been following me
Death Has A Message
My encounter with the Man Peeler, and why I'll never rent a physical copy of a movie again.
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado?
A Bear (part 2)
The True Sex Lives Of The Girls of Silver Lake
do you remember?
I spent a day in hell
I found an abandoned hospital in the woods.
The Witch's Room
Keep trying!!
Evergreen Cabin (Part 2)
Something strange is happening on my Girlfriend's Family's Farm
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that should not exist
The man behind you
Never Use Ouija Board Alone.
Three months ago my friend was abducted, today I was too
The Beach Bungalow
I Went To Interview Two NoSleep Writers... But I Think They’re The Same Person
The Troxler Experiment (Part I)
DRUG BOXES on YouTube? How did he get them?
I didn't believe about this until it happened to me.
I regret everything. But I finished the job. The Brain is dead. *Part 4*How To Fall Asleep When You Cant Sleep Wikihow🧐
Richemont Peak University
I'm receiving strange emails. Someone in town wants "virgin blood."
Blackwoods Bend Part Nine - A Night in Returnal Cemetery
It won't stop crying
What you need to know to survive your first night on the street, Part 2 of 2
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body.
I HEARD the birds Today
My Stalking Neighbor...
Judgement is hell
Psychologists, have you ever been genuinely scared by a patient before? ...
My new dog is such a good boy (Update 1)
Cursed nightmare...
We took the train into Chicago. We arrived at the wrong Chicago.
Blue veins
Come say goodbye.
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady
The Dating Game
The Screamers.Sweet Dreams
Boo!Have you helped an injured animal because that's why I'm scared
Shower thought.
I’ve been pushed into a basement, it’s dark, and... it smells like mushrooms... Oh, and I don’t like it very much.
Tales of an unmarked town
THIS IS WHY I HATE DOLLS
I found a hole in my basement. Now im curious
How well do you really know someone?
Valerian or the Victorian?
The Chemist
A Dreadful Dream
There’s Something in the Ballast
Notes from a Zoom meeting
I spent the last six months living inside an abandoned RV. This was not by choice.
It Lived In My Arm (Revised)
I’m tired of dying
We found 3 Severed Goat Heads on the same spot every day
Screw this bestiary (Claws)
I’m a Librarian Who Gets Visions When I Touch Books - Part 2
The Smith's Kids
Cartoon grin (part 1)
Awakening
The Death Of A Bachelor
Some day you will die.
The Gar-Nessie
My best friend got a severed head for his eleventh birthday
I Worked At A Call Center Until A Strange Call Came In
I never should have gone in my friends basement (pt. 2)
I had thought of giving up many times.
There's something in the vents at my dorm
I died and met my guardian angel. He was never trying to protect me.
Fucked up people
It Whispered From the Dark - Pt. II
FUCC YALL NIGGAAAAAAAASSSSSSSS!!!!
I heard a strange noise in my backyard at night and checked it out. Someone was there, and he told me a very disturbing fact about our world.
Something Strange is Going on at my Cabin in the Mountains (Part 1)
I was an officer called to the scene of a homicide. What happened next is the real kicker. (Part 1)
It said I wasn't meant to have a soul....
Working in a mental health unit.
The special ring I inherited from my half-sibling
Do not go looking for knowledge.
My reality is glitching?
I've cut off more hands than the Marvel Cinematic Universe (1 of 2)
Have you ever seen a dreamcatcher made from human flesh?
I didn’t catch my dates name, and i don’t think i ever will
My house is infested with fishing hooks.
My name is Ethan and Death is in love with me
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird (Final Part)
Unexplainable event
There is someone in my room...
My haunting experience from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare
Overnight camping: week 1
My intention with Moroccan legend Aicha Kandisseh {Part 2}
There's something wrong with my wife....And this is my last chance to save her
I was chosen to be one of the seven, what waits upon us is an invasion of the unknown
The Kill Box; Part 1
My encounter with the Hat Man
Why Can't I Breath?
An InfestationSuperMarket Memoirs 16: Re-Grand Opening
Desperately seeking advice. I'm terrified the next I fall asleep will be my last....
How I joined Task Force Paladin
I remember a friend that seems to have never existed.
How I Learned To Stop Believing In Monsters
I performed one of the most wicked spells possible on my archenemy. I'm beginning to regret it.
Give Up
Something haunted me for years... This is the worst thing it did.
The Cure for Cancer is too Expensive
RED LIGHTS *DISCLAIMER - Mentions Of UFO’s &amp; Extra-terrestrial Life*
I'm a serial killer, my latest victim is from a country I've never heard of.
I work for SETI, and I recurved a transmission from something who knows me.
Kid gets bullied back to life
I was stalked by a man with a strange ability.
my best friend killed his family, I haven't seen him since
A 1930s Cartoon
Don't Wake Up
My son's letter to Santa went to the wrong person...
I was only 3 when i saw my great grandfather and ever since his voice haunts my dreams...
A drunk killer chased me near a small abandoned park
The Monkey at my window
Don’t eat the chocolate in your advent calendar.
A dream of my death saved my friend's lives
the lights at my window
I’m A Monster Who Used To Hunt Other Monsters For The Government
I Work At A Conservatory For A Species Of Black Widows That Shouldn't Exist.
I Bought Headphones Off The Dark Web...Now I Can't Take Them Off (Part 2)
New Text Document
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. Something terrible happened here to shut it down.
Top 5 SCARY GHOST videos you wont watch at night || top 5 ghost | hindi
Saltwater
Relationship
I've Lived My Entire Life By A Ghost Town, Now I know Why It's Deserted
There's a woman crying in my closet
We Went Camping and Brought Something Back with Us
My grandmother could sense the desert's feelings. I didn't listen to her.
No One In My Family Ever Really Dies
The Snow King
This planet looks familiar...
Little Forest Witch
Democratic Primaries Do-Over
My best friend disappeared a week before Halloween.
Deep Web Discovery
2012 - An Airport Snowstorm - Last (2)
The Babysitter
Can someone translate this and tell me what type of code this is?
It Pulls the Fibers From My Skin, It Says I'll Get the Knife Again
Mr. Meeseeks a Metaphor for High Functioning Depression Suffers
Being alone can be a scary thing, especially when the knocking starts.
You were the only one.
The forest is laughing..
My Perfect Getaway
I think i might be a time traveler
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms -Part 4
The Last Nightmare
I haven't been able to sleep well for a week.
Im Not Crazy, That Entity Is Real
Reviving old hi-fi tech
A Simple Night In
This TikTok page...
The Girl Who Came Into Our Classroom
An Irish Autopsy of The French Disease
Sunrise was the best thing that could happen
Just Another Camp Legend - Part 2
I vowed to love my husband for a lifetime, so I invited his mistress for tea.
The day
My Abdomen always Hurt.
Something horrifying came out of my bottle (Part 1)
My dream is taking form...
The Book of Autonomancy (part 2)
The Pigeon Girl
We created something and left it in Michigan
We Can Be Better
An Encounter on the Farm
I am a lifeguard at an indoor waterpark, and something terrible happened last night.
Just message me...
There was a recent report submitted by the EFF
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love
I work at the strangest zoo on Earth. God help us all if any of them escape. There is a set of rules that must never be broken.
Supermarket Kitten Part 2
Something bad happened 66 years ago
What....the Hell (Part 2)
The abandoned cabin along FS472
Don't offer the man on halibut point road a ride...
Bugatti
It creaks in the dark.
Rules for those of you camping on Colorado Boulevard before the Rose Parade
Horror Stories YOUTUBE CHANNEL for Sale!
Eternal life isn't free
Tall, Dark, and Horrifying
this video will keep you awake for the rest of the night
I am Dorothy Gale
I don't think is the weed
I found a serial killer's journal in my attic (part one)
Actual dreams...
Don’t look for the woman in the woods, I did
Looking for authors and community members
The abandoned factory.
PART 2 My company discovered the cure to cancer, but the side effects are unholy
A sleep paralysis or what?
The Figure In The Dark
Shadow Being that ran on all fours.
I finally looked under my bed
There's something very wrong about my grandparents hometown.
Just a question:is stuff on here real or not?
I'm A Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of my Students. (Part 1)
I regret creating an Onlyfans sometimes
Excerpt From Jeff Brdiges on a Bender Second part
Frame - Hopping Mad
can someone help?
Sleep Paralysis or Something More Sinister?
I work at a Call Center that services the recently deceased. 6/26/2020 - 6/27/2020 -- Part 3
Have you ever had a dream that felt real?
Im going to tell you my true stories
In my hometown we have a goblin problem
12 Days Of Christine
The Cold Ones
I tried to sleep, now I'm sinking into my bed.
A warning against sleep guided meditation
Don't forget to wipe your ass after you take a shit. This is how I found out.
The Haunting (Part 1)
I think I opened up a portal by trying DMT
The Dead Girl’s Ghost
We were never meant to gaze upon ourselves
My Friend Wants Me To Kill Myself
i GoT a SpOoKy LeTtEr FrOm ThE lAsT gUy wHo wOrKeD hErE
THE CONNECTICUT CRYPT-a creature-feature
I didn't want it.
I think this is the worst Christmas of my life
I Took the Road Less Traveled and It Almost Got Me Killed
SHE NEVER SPEAKS BUT WON'T LEAVE ME ALONE
He'd make sure to stuff my brain with horrible ghost stories. But perhaps if he hadn't done so, I wouldn't be alive today.
I got a letter from the Satanic Church inviting me to the "Mephistopheles Trial" – now I need your help to pass the admission test and get rich
story teller
My guardian angel has charred horns and flesh wings. (Part 1)
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't hear about it on the news. They were all ugly though, so...
She's my new friend, she's beautiful, but there's something odd about her.
Why I Hate Lists
The Woman With No Eyes
I'm 15 and my father keeps saying that he is going to murder my whole family but he is also part of my family?
THE MOST TERRIFYING STORY YOU WILL EVER READ
Halloween House of Horrors
weird dream
A Taste of my Depression
Is it possible to see paranormal beings after being drunk or is it just me hallucinating?
Our Minor HauntingOne More Hit
I keep leaving messages on my dead boyfriend's voicemail, then it called back (Part 6)
I was best friends with a psycho stalker
(Born) in the Future , (Will die) in the Past
If anyone tells you cursed items are cool, they are lying.
Working at a carnival
SIX Deaths, SIX Funerals, SIX Lives
A Children's Tale
When I was a boy
Woman in White Dress (True Ghost Story)
Rules for the new EMT
I'm Going to Go Missing
We were stuck in construction traffic for 8 hours. Now we're somewhere else entirely. (Part 2)
When I was a child I used to see a figure in the corner of my eye. A few weeks ago, it came back.
My house got weirder after my story...
No sleep bored whatsup
Are these stories supposed to be real?
It All Started With The Birds (Part 2)
The Deserted
Mags is Missing.
Rituals or Things to Try
i think im being hunted
Mom is Sad
Virus
Seashells
The same street.
MK-Echo
Last time going to grandmas house
Can someone call my parents?
My Friend And Her Coincidences 2
Sisterformative Metamorphosis
That Time Leonardo da Vinci Had to Fight Off a Roving Pack of Coked Out Time Traveling Baboons
I Went To The Grocery Store And Now The Manager Won’t Let Me Leave
The Book of Autonomancy: How to Banish a Demon Who Has Summoned You (Part 19)
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
I have the only soul in the suburb
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Part 5.
A Small Town of Zipped Lips
PSA: Stay away from Hootsuite
I inherited a Wild West model town. The prospector and the midwife are after us.
I work for a company that recovers strange artifacts. Workers must follow specific rules to survive.
Every 27 days, someone in the world goes missing. I’m next.
The Thing Most Coveted
Something strange happened to me last night and I don't know what to do
My Father's Killer
My Supernatural Experiences As A Satanist
Ways to die during an apocalypse
I woke up from a nightmare but I couldn't feel the floor (Part 1)
I'm in debt for the mafia my father used to work for, so I joined a game show called 'Liberty' to repay the debt
The Crackler
Tired ramblings of a 3 year old
NO MATTER WHAT DONT LOOK AT IT
If Only The Monsters Of Stories Were True.
THIS is happening in Thailand
First Contact
Multiple Missing Persons?
Bam
Fishtank
The Thing Behind Your Door
중년부부의 슬프도록 웃긴 청력테스트. 그결과는?
Grace knows my secret
The Road to Burden: Part 1
Something Odd Has Been Happening In My House.
I think something has been really scaring my wife since our trip to Haiti...
I think my cousin is exploiting my friend's addiction what can I do?
Campfire
Log 24
Our Principal's Last Day Was Our School's Worst
Once it gets in your head, it’s too late.
I’m a support worker for some interesting clients. My new job is testing my limits.
Who was on the Other Side of the Phone...???
Don't post your pets' personal information. (2)
Every morning a black cat visits my garden
I went to the doctor for a routine checkup. Now there's a government agent here.
We're trapped in a school with no memories, and the ghosts say the only way out is through the library: Part 1
I’m not sleeping tonight
Enjoy your life, kid.
A new bug we found underground could kill us all
Maybe not transferring universities but I will be changing roommates
The Monster of Colville.
Request tip of my tongue : a few different camping creepypastas
Entry no.1
This is how I survived a serial killer. You won't believe where he took me...
"God Save Us, or the Devil" - Strange Findings from The Archives
I Have an Unusual Infestation
The grave in my backyard
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. These rules are easier said than done (Part 2)
Ted Trucks
The Token Game: The Gun and The Knife
The Betrayal
Can you handle the horror? 😈 The Exorcism of Ronald Hunkeler aka Roland Doe
The Werewolf Heist - Part 2
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 6)
I Run a Bed and Breakfast, My Guests Aren't Normal
Waldfriedhof Haunting (Real nothing made up)
At my practice, we specialize in treating patients who are afraid of the dentist
My Walking In My Sleep
Don’t trust anyone, not even the people you’re close with (Part 1/?)
It started as a camp prank. It ended as the single most horrifying night of my life.
I Am the Creator of NoSleep.
The Woman in the woods
Falling Slowly
The True Disney Working Experience
Shared night terror of friend’s realistic transformation into an animal
!!!BURN/CUT DOWN ALL 5G TOWERS THIS IS OUR FIGHT BACK!!!
Steak
Stay Put
Father transformed into something - else (truthful recounting)
Night terror
Circus Show
What Was Left Of Downtown
I killed myself to be with my dead wife and daughter. As it turns out, heaven is not a friendly place.
The Notes I Found in the house/basement
The figure in the dark
The Day The Rain Was Acid
The Static (Part One)
I run a museum of cursed objects. We were robbed today.
Account of events leading to the puzzling death of Dillian Marsh, 31
My baby is missing, but I’m not sure I want to find her.
this one time i went outside
I am the framer of cursed images (part 2)
Camper Welcome Packet for Camp Bide-a-Way
The watcher in the woods
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal?
Strangers showed up in my neighbor's backyard and wouldn't stop staring at the sun.
Loneliness can lead to much more than you think.
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 5)
A Serial Killer Keeps Knocking Off My Classmates
I just want to stay
War is Hell, Even Angels have a Dark Side
Hello, I am a very successful serial killer/murderer with over 100 confirmed kills and counting, Ask Me (almost) Anything!
I removed all the mirrors from my home.
My flatmate I didn't know about.
My heart will always belong to you.
Logging Company
SuicideNote.txt
Spiderdance (Part 2)
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 7
Creeps EP1- I wrote a story about a murder, and some maniac made the murder happen in reality. NSFW Warning.
My fear of mirrors proved true.
What if the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that the Bible was the word of god (part 2) The Son
Nobody gets death.
My girlfriend is a psychopath and she's ruining my life - Part 2/2
At night I keep thinking someone is gonna come in my house and kill me. Am I hallucinating?
I will surely die today
I’m an assistant coach at a local high school. Kids keep disappearing every time we lose
Maybe I should have checked the attic?
I live in a town called Beaver Falls and tonight we discovered the secret of the beavers
In the mountains of China are many paranormal things
My grandfather once told me a story about his time in the Civil defense during ww2.
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. It should have stayed that way.
5 golden rings just turned up in Angel Hills (Day 5)
Fake Hospital
The Girl, the Police and the Wardrobe
Arachne's Cave
Somehow, we are all responsible for the death of somebody, all of us...
Tales From The Kitchen
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part Five) FINAL
The Laughing Woman and Why I'm Sorry If I Destroyed Your World
I Used To Be A Bookworm
It Followed Me
My encounters of the forest
I Was Hired To Preach At A Weird Wake... And I Don’t Know The Name Of The Deceased
The tragedy of grief (re-written)
the last photo.....
I woke up to an EAS Alert, and now something is happening...
"The Box"
I lost my fiancée in a ghost town and I'm not sure I'll ever get her back
Butterman
True: I had my first experience with sleep paralysis when I was 5
The Counting Man: The Choice of Haley Davis
Aquaphobia
I get very confused sometimes (Part 2)
Girl Who Lives WITHOUT ORGANS
The Break in
My small hometown has experienced its fair share of disasters—but we’ve persevered through it all.
Hello From Siren!
The Girl On The Moon
I Am A Scientist And I'm Starving Five People To Test My New Pill...The Results Are Shocking P.1
My family is trying to kill me
Abandoned factory night trip
Help me!
I helped a wendigo, and i regret it all.
what's tripping the alarm ?
Sleepfall Chapter 3: The Forest Surrounding The Gas Station
Why I've stopped doing heroin
Janitorial Oddities Journal: The Toilet to Another Dimension
The Country Rambler
I visited the Tower Of London. Something left with me.
They've been finding bodies inside trees for a couple of years now; perfectly preserved, just like the day they dissapeared.
My name is Damon Norsworthy and my city has been on lockdown part 1 inspired by u/cryptic_nightmares
This is a 100% true
Stuck underwater no oxygen scuba diving
Pinfinger
Nice collection
Don't get on the 2:03 AM bus on Cardiff road.....
911 is no longer responding to the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
My cousin beat up his sister
My lightbulb won't turn off.
I knew something was wrong, when he smiled
I should have never went to Anne Prater’s estate
And there She stood, and there She wept
Don't Get Lost on the Way to Blackfoote Lodge
My auntie lives in a well (Final part)
We got in, but now there's something outside.
There was a shadow
Traditions Must Be Kept
The Missing Cutlery.
My girlfriend went missing for 6 years. Whoever came back is NOT her!
The Orphans of Xanadu
Don't listen to the radio
Everything Must Go!
I Took A Job From A Strange Man In A Bar. I Really Regret It
oh worms, my dog!!!
Mice in my bedroom
I finally saw what pulls my blanket.
I was supposed to die in a demolished building.
You Walk On Us
SECOND CHAPTER: I interviewed Mallory Dean - that girl who survived the Hat Man Murders
I found an old diary and it talked about people with White-eyes “2”
A Marionette's Strings
the creature outside of my window
The Child Of Chernobyl.
I killed all of my colleagues, and I'll never get caught. This is my confession.
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from (part two) (REPOSTED)
Sandra the Suburban Slayer
The man with the hat
A demon has been haunting me for 15 years
I think i need help?
I have to tell you about this kid I grew up with. His name was Carl and he seemed to be followed by a curse.
I found a strange notebook in my apartment and I wish I never read it
Only the road knows it's destination.
Nightmares: The facility
The Deadly Desert of Arabia 1. PART THREE (3)
Magazines (Andrew Series)
Laithcamcoia Woods
My mother
Don’t say oui to a ouija board
No one in my family is ever buried or cremated. I just discovered what they do with the corpses.
The Stranger at the Pub
My old best friend is a crazy serial killer. I'm his next victim.
Crazy Experience as a Security Guard
Be my Friend
I never should've came out as Pansexual to my homophobic friend
my personal scary story
I got my Minecraft server gone
Where's Sarah?
Dr. Linsdale (Part One.)
The day I talked with Everything and Nothing.
The Man in the Walls
I made myself bulimic to make the world PURE
Can't sleep at night due to paranormal events and activities. Would appreciate if someone helped me and advised me what to do.
Please read this, you might be humanity's only hope
There was a small zombie outbreak in Vietnam
John?
The AC broke on the hottest day of summer during my final exam, and I need to tell the truth about what happened because of it.
Moy perviy post
O, Brother of Mine
That Unnatural House
I need help finding a website from when I was a kid, maybe you can help!
How I helped solve my imaginary friend’s murder (Part 5)
I was forced to get a suitcase from a shady car... and now it's gone? (pt 2)
It’s coming for me (part 1)
The Banshees From Hell
I think someone is stalking and attempting to kill my family and my neighbor's, too. Please Help
It's too late. Just listen
Don’t write stories about skinwalkers
Niff and Biff part (2)
Into The Abyss
If you meet a woman named Becca Starge on Tinder, swipe left
I was hearing a strange noise all day
They Aren't Kidding About the Deep Web
I'm a death doula
I hope they won't wake me up tonight
Ouroboros Syndrome
Hey there
Emilia
A short poem
My grandma told me the scariest thing that has ever happened to her
Psychic Dreaming
My roommate is serving a life sentence for a felony she committed while sleepwalking.
The haunted horror movie
There's Something Wrong With My Daughters Treehouse
Shadows wrath
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult Part Two: I Am Lilith
Something just doesn’t feel right about falling asleep
I was a private detective in the 70's, this case ruined my life PART 3
My Son's Piano
Rebirth island
I found a statue in the woods, now it haunts my dreams.
Parenting is hard.
The Scent
I always tried to keep my supernatural side suppressed, today was the tipping point
The Butterfly Effect
My aunt saw something and I'm very sceptical
Weird sleep issues
First day of hell. (The incident) – Part 1
My wife was replaced by something not human.
The Midnight Drummer
I Live on a Farm out in the Sticks. Something Weird Is Happening to My Brothers.
10. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Not Sure He’ll Forgive Me.
The Witch's Ring
My guide on how to survive a 3 day drive which goes on 'demon land.' PART 1
Don't know where to go from here.
The pale woman did my hair
i will wait
I Am Terrified of Needles.
When did I wake up? (pt 2)
My family owns a waterpark. While installing a new ride, I think we woke something evil that laid dormant.
Delivery here!
My co worker scared me for reasons I couldn’t describe.
Scary story I made up for a ARG that stopped doing.
At the subway
Red was her favourite colour.
Words to a Librarian Part 7 FINAL
The Campfire
The Closed Window
I’m usually fine with being alone, but now I feel as though I need someone.
I freed an animal from scientific testing. It was the last mistake I ever made.
In my nightmares I can still see the Camp Minnesaugen Monster. I can still hear the distant sound of it sobbing in the woods.
Craving Beauty
The Lonely Linden
i got a call from my missing daughter.
The House On The Hill
Whatever you do stay on the trail of Machu Picchu
Has anyone been through the black door?
Fabulous Flora's Fantastic Garden
Alright, so my flatmate is a serial killer, and we're in a bit of a predicament
The door at the bottom of the 2nd floor
Returning
I run an Air BnB, it’s free,but it has some unusual rules (Part 2) Q and A
Tidying Up
Please, please stop.
Carnate
How I learned to stop worrying and love the Nothing
I Work for a Snake Milker. I Think He Unlocked a New World.
the scary creature behind the bed.
The slash ringing
I'm Never Nannying Again
Wiped
The Earthlings - S16 E1 - Jack The Ripper (Part 2)
Pull over it’s the police
There Were Footprints In My Driveway This Morning. I Live Alone.
Its Coming
I Collect Freaks, But My Sister Creates Them
The Boston Subway Stalkers
All My Clocks Stopped at 1:13 p.m.
I tried a sensory deprivation chamber
The Great Chili Revenge
AVICHI II
Dead of Winter Apocalypse
I'm #VaccineEducated, and I need to tell the world the horrible truth
Beast in the Park
One day
The green man
I made a wish when I was a child. I got what I asked for, not what I wanted.
I unknowingly built the gates of hell... And then opened them. (Part 1)
I found this letter in my great grandfather's belongings.
Feeding A Beast
I Saw Something Through the Ice
dm me
I guard a weed farm. We’re under attack.
My Grandfather Was A Park Ranger
I was followed home one night and got a tape the next morning
I can't die
Podcasts welcome
Please stay away from gas stations.
Soul Searching
I can influence my dreams...and I need help.
| An unholy beast|. Pt 1
I refuse to sleep in my grandmother's house
They keep taking me to the doctor's appointment, no matter the cost... Part 1
The last text
4 Nameless Faces
7 year old me sees red eyes in the woods
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - Something got out and I chased it
In my hometown there was a restaurant that was always open but no one could enter
Tale of the Dancing Trees
My Wife Sleeps In A Tent Inside Our House And Now I Know Why
My brother died unexpectedly. Two nights later, he was standing in my hallway...
I think some entity is following me
How to Survive Camping - I solve my problems with murder
My Wife Called Today. She's Been Dead For Over A Year
Spider scare
PSA on Teuron Spaces
A
(Don't) Scratch the Itch
My friend and I snuck into our rich neighbor's mansion. It was the biggest mistake we have ever committed.
(Real) Scariest inception like nightmare I've ever had.
Mama June Taught Her Parrot The Bible
I Played the Elevator Game inside the Hotel My Family Is Staying In. I Think I Brought Something Back With Me.
Whos that mommy?
Case File #36 Preta
My Name is Lydia Poole, and I’m Back Motherfucker.
The Barn - Part 4
Frostbite
Monsters are real, and they kill thousands every year. I lead a support group for the families of their victims.
My doll is haunted
If you hear the four birds calling, please do not respond. (Angel Hills - Part Four)
I came in to the office to clean up after a surprise party, but there was one guest that stayed too late *Gore Warning*
Please Think Twice Before Your Hiking Trip
I was almost kidnapped in front of my parents
Cipher.txt
I had a drinking problem when I lived in Tokyo, but I think I had a good reason
The Mill Bone
The ramblings of a London Commuter
A Last Message
Something is not right
I tried free online therapy. My therapist is disturbing. PART 2
Harry
The Ultimate Dad Joke
Tales from the faefolk
An old Encounter: Can anyone explain this?
Stay away for the static
The monster that used to live under my bed was my big brother.There is no need to panic, Ma'am. The calls are to be ignored.
Out on the porch, one hot summer night
Fís ของ 狂った神ごす。S1E1: Hope(Not Scary)
I Work For The Canadian Government - Part 3
I Should Have Listened to My Grandma
Someone is following me. If I disappear investigate.
I need to get away from my grandma’s friend
Help me break out of a fantasy
We order food online hundreds of times, but this time it went horribly wrong
They’re Putting Something Strange in our Fireworks
My True Deep Web Experience (With Proof). From 2nd to 7th Grade. Selling drugs.
The Rake... AT CHRISTIAN CAMP?
The Folk tale of dark hollow
Baking a cake
In Memoriam
The world is ending and now I need to survive (part 1)
The THING in my bed
Alright hold it N just SLEEP++
Message from Ward Staff: ??/??/???
It knows morse code
Food
Check this out!
The Voice in the crate.
I was a Voice Actor at FUNimation
HE. IS. STILL. HERE.
am i all ways going to going to be one thouhgt away from loosing my gun rughts?
The Panting
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 4)
My drone led me to a sleepless night
I saw the shadow man
Anything new about Finding Vanessa part 2? Or tales from the gastation?
I Just Got A Job at a Supposedly Haunted Daycare (Part 1?)
The horrors of Genetic memory...
weirdest/strangest experience in my life
Flash
I’m Part of an Elite Class of People...
I Woke Up To Birds, Today?
I am convinced there is a ghost living in my house.
My uncle ran a cult.
werewolf's
Geitefødsel
The Castigating Fog #1
Great White
Don't listen to the buzzing or you will go to the place it comes from
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified (Part 2)
Hostages (preview, full explanation coming)
Passion
How To Haunt Your Own House: A Step-By-Step Guide
Do you wish to continue?
I was late to the trip.
My Morning Shave Was A Huge Mistake
Help! I was kidnapped and I think my kidnappers forgot about me!
Rapunzel let down your golden hair
I have never been a fan of ghost stories...
What makes a human unique.
Let me tell you how I looked for them
I will never forget my parent's death
An Unusual Encounter
Win some, lose some
My dog was not right. I still don't know what happened.
I'm On Fire
How to Lose Friends and Terrify People
A strange entity has decided to completely change my life...whether I want it or not.
This will be an eventful summer.
We turn handles for a reason
Brain:No you can't just stay up all night and get no sleep!
November 2020 Voting Thread
What is at the end of creation?
I had a horrifying experience in the McDonald's drive-through
I found a mermaid in the swamp, and it ruined my life
I thought Kaziranga would be a dream come true, it turned out to be a nightmare.
This House Hates You (Dante Graves Story 1)
I went to a knockoff “DcMonalds” and ordered the Chicken Fillet. Now I’m going back because I need closure. (PART 2 / FINALE)
I Used to Work as a Cook at the Saint Alphonsus Orphanage
I hate it when my brother Charlie has to go away.
I bought a storage locker that contains a doorway to Hell. I had a conversation with someone extraordinary on the other side.
(Final) Did you get the alert?
Basic Guideline's for Natalia's New S.O
I have the only soul in the suburb
The Manager's Office(1/10): "Unfaithful"
If you're counting sheep to help you sleep, don't look them in the eye...
The story of Lucy-Ann and the park monster
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 6
Proxima Centauri is not a Star
The Maze of Ryan
HAS ANYONE ELSE SEEN A SHADOW FIGURE AT NIGHT?
I saw a UFO last night and I need help ignoring it, and moving on.
Not My Business
The White Cassette
Not a Hero (part 1)
They looked like my daughters, but they were not my daughters
Stalker best friend
I created a friend in my mind and they ended up in my reality...
The generic r/nosleep formula
My best friend went missing twenty years ago. Today, I saw him.
The James Cameron Meme Vault. Hoping to reach out to Mr. Cameron. Enjoy
My first story I wrote. I apologize for bad punctuation or grammar would love the feedback. I call it "Headlights"
Horrid creatures keep appearing around where I live and I'm forced to hide more and more.
Ringing - Part One
Good Morning, Darling.
I received voicemails from a woman asking for help. My phone has it timestamped in the future.
Can drug-induced photographic memory happen?
"I Was Haunted For What I Did To Her"
It has been twenty seven days since the lights flickered
does any one know who wrote this on this subreddit
I love the taste
I love Horror
The Skunk HousePlease Don't Use Wish.
Strange marks
The shining light
User Jogo821
I’m the first Explorer of Realities, and I can’t stop screaming
I refuse to camp nowadays.
Blue Moon
The Day the Bees Took Form
I worked as the janitor of my community pool, I don't think I want to go back there.
Alone in a Merom Indian Forest
THE MAN IN THE COW MASK
Don’t look at the mirror
I Got A Call From My Daughter..She’s Been Dead for 15 Years
My neighbors aren’t human... and soon... neither will I be.
Anniversary
I Love Coffee.Red Shoes
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 5)
Wiggle stick
GET OUT KNOW!!! THE SIM IS COLLAPSING!
ghost near a soccer field
You see the craziest things as a small-town cop. Despite what my browser history says, I had never seen this many tentacles before.
Paraphrenia
The Missing IPhone
My friends and I went hunting in the woods when we got there we had a weird list of rules.
It’s not my fault…
The Ballerinas.
My School Has A Strange Set Of Rules
I want to kill myself, anyone here feeling generous enough to lend me a gun?
I have a really bizarre sleep problem.
My friend wants to pay me a visit and his words are a little strange
Red Eyes Between the Trees
Why I refuse to go back to the village where I grew up (Part 1)
There's something with horns in my house
I'm terrified of falling asleep and this is reason behind it.
The itch you just can't scratch
She Came Knocking
i'm sick but no one believes me
I can't leave my apartment because I'm getting blurry
Theres Something Wrong With The Abandoned Golf Course Behind Sunny Holes Retirement Home 2/?
I visited this abandoned place with some friends one day and to this day I don’t know what that thing was.
119
I'm the author of the Three Kings ritual -this is another story from my juvie days.
listen to this
I’m Sorry Alex
Mr. Magoo
When Nightmares Break.
An Open Letter to My Therapist About the Thing that Follows Me
Santa Monica
Something in the road
READ THE RULES TO WORK ON THIS RAILWAY
UFO Sightings - What Really Happened? Tales From Your Local Time Traveler
History are changed for a reason
Lone Oak Academy Pt. 2 - The Speakers Sound Possessed
"Letters"
He wanted her heart
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, and we are actually going to enter that freaky cabin. Pt 3
I see things in the woods and I'm afraid to tell anybody.
I went on a walk yesterday, it was a most horrifying experience
If you're not a sugar baby, don't respond to strangers on the Internet who want you to be.
I've never lived alone in my whole life- now I get why my parents said to never rent an apartment. (Part 1)
I went back to my childhood home to confront the demon who lives there.
I never paid my phone bill, but something did.
My boyfriend is dead. I put him in a bucket.
I’m seeing hallucinations and my parents are telling me that they are angels.
Souls-like
I got a strange call from my co-worker and he gave me strange rules
The phone call I'll never forget.
My lost phone
Don't Turn on the Lights
Resignation
I know when it kills....
Did I see my rendition of hell?
Just another game night
Humans Aren't The Only Things That Can Open Doors
My Friend took a trip to the store. The thing that returned isn't him.
The Coat Hanger
My marriage fell apart, now I'm trying to fix it after my wife's death.
Thank you for the great scary stories
I went on a cruise, and i cant wait to go back!
The mention of the mystery mister man but the mister man may not be so much of mystery anymore
Spooky occurence?
Just a thought while high
I found a book written by someone who accidentally jumped to a different dimension and saw things no man ever should (Part 10)
How a door-to-door salesman convinced me to work for his company.
I Did Something Unprofessional and It Might Cost Me More Than My Job
I am a Detective, and I have discovered something strange.
My advent Calendar Isn’t Counting Down to Christmas Part 2
Am i interacting with other dimensions ?
The mimic.
Stranger at my door
I just finished my job interview.
Lock your windows.
I had a dream that looked like the future  I hope it isn't real
Taco Bell horror
Never had a nightmare while sleeping
My childhood friend was a dead man from the chimney (true)
Do Not Order The Black Box Subscription Service - Part 1
Therapist
Những con người ở đáy xã hội?
Threading The Needle
I haven't left my apartment in four days.
Murder House (part 1)
Parks were my phobia for 20 years... but I think I may be over it now.
me and my friend summoned a seamstress, i wish we hadn't
Black Eyed Children
The man with 3 eyes prt 1
Does anyone remember a TV channel called 'Beneath The Static'? (Part 7)
Game development
I got tricked into a pyramid scheme and now I’m having regrets.
Read, and Dolly Parton will never sound the same.
If you live in Texas, Do NOT press the “Seek” button on your radio at night.
Vision shut off when I was in high school
The Sun Died: There's Someone Outside My House
What happened after I died.
There are things in the woods that will never be explained
Splashing
Nova Kaduna
I'm trying to start writng creppy horror stories so heres my first attempt at one.
Lasik surgery took my color vision, but now I'm seeing red...
The Barn
My father is dead, but something in his basement is very much alive.
Coronavirus is an alien pathogen from a group of extraterrestrials that share similar DNA to the pangolin
REAL STORY
Unknown Island Haunted Attraction: Where Reality is Meaningless - Part 3
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on. (Part 4)
The people from my village who disappeared months ago came back. Something is wrong with them
Quarantine has jaws and it ate Mother
Slender Chapter 2 - Back to the Forest
Woo (Part 3)
My mother did something that I can't understand.
The Door 190
A video game told me when my friend was gonna die.
Dewclaw
“Mohini”
Found some creepy/cool tapes about Showbiz Pizza and decided to transcribe them—Part Three
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
I'm stuck, in my own house.
Tales from a Town in the Middle of a Forest
An organization is out to get me and I don't know what to do
ELEVATOR
the black demon in my room
The haunted bear in my auntys house
I grew up in a small town that made all the children meet the ‘Angel Reaper’
Dead neighbor
seehearsmellTOUCHtaste
Tetris is the hot new video game!
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult...
Beyond human.
There’s a zombie outbreak in my city (part 1)
The reason why I quit the night shift.
I never thought that the number 2 could be so scary
Not-Exactly-Paranormal: We won a war against wasps. They aren't as mindless as we think. And unlikely help saved us. (Part 1).
Perhaps too soon right?
There's something dangerous here.
This is the scariest sound in the world
My 10 Year High School Reunion
Every night at 1:26 AM a portal opens outside my home. Let me tell you what has come out of it. Part 2 Final
How I Escaped Death
I'm a Ghost Writer and I Have A Cult Following
The day the world fell to Darkness
My grandpa is 78 years old, he'd never told anyone else but me how he lived this long.
The Grim reaper carries a badge and a chainsaw – Final
A Stone Throw Away
Teen server designed around writing
A Brothers Love
There's a Reason We Forget Our Dreams
I went in my basement I regret it pt1
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Two)
My professor shot himself trying to prove that consciousness doesn't live on after death
The "Incident" in Unit 17
I’m in quarantine but something isn’t right
I wish I never went inside my grandmother's room after dark two nights ago, please help
I work for NASA and there's missions to Mars that have been kept from us
Followed.
My neighbour is acting strange and I want to find out what’s going on
I think something in my dreams is trying to kill me, and now I'm too scared to sleep.
I am a patchwork man, made from corpses by the Nazis during WWII. After breaking free in the war, I became an occult detective to the stars in the Freewheeling Fifties, in a haunted Hollywood where ghouls and glamour mix with Crime Noir...
Notes to self
A Time Travelers Warning: The Area 51 Raid
Capewood
The low hum of a garage radio
Cult o the Eclipse - Chapter 2
I encountered something deep in Jamul, CA...
I asked my girlfriend to lose weight
The watch
I'm a hotel manager and I wish our guests would stop using the mirrors
HI YALL THANKS FOR CHECKING OUT MY POST FAM
The 2016 Confession of Denis Yoder, III and His Cryptic Final Warning
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You’d Think.
My school has a dark past and its creeping back into the light. (1)
My strange experience that started by showing the way to a deaf
I'm an Uber driver in Detroit, and I've got some stories to tell.
Social Anxiety
This is NOT Postpartum Depression Here is proof of bruises: https://imgur.com/a/apTNuRY
Someone was following us, we couldn't see who they were
I'm a sleep researcher and I recently came across a whole town that was suffering from nightmares.
Something whispers my name in the woodsMy new security job at the factory has some strange rules...
Observers
I Am Watching You Right Now
Fire Burning  for Deep Sleep, Relax &amp; Meditation
Where The Bad Dads Go
Today I Found Out My Son is A Murderer
I heard a strange noise in my backyard last night and checked it out. I found a man there, and he told me a very disturbing fact about our world.
My dad told me never to look into the pipe i didnt
A Summer Night in Scarborough
Podcast
My friend sent me a ghost removal app. But I found out using it too much can be dangerous.
Something is happening in my hometown and I am completely terrified. I don't know what to think.
Red shirt, black basketball shorts
I think whoever's been taking care of my cat has been trying to follow him "home"..
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 7)
My friend was part of a cult and tried to sacrifice me
Near where the north winds blow
Car sitting outside my apartment idling for hours
God Comes In The Darkest Of Night
Why Tonight?
Spectre
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 8
Body Count.
Chapter 8 quiz
Baths
Cursed alien hero experiment
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 1)
My Grandmother's Attic (Part 3: Finale)
So I'm kind of scared for my little brother right now
Poppers good and bad
There's an old payphone in town that takes calls from the dead
Do ever?
My wife died. She came back home a few days after the funeral.
Hello Darkness
Male Period. Any help??!!!
The Howling
Feels good doesn’t it?
My sister's husband died 2 years ago, her 12 year old daughter saw him last night
Keep Your Windows Shut
What Happened When We Called the Cops and They Came: Beyond All Comprehension
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 4)
Be carful with which houses you renovate
The Talent: Conclusion
If I quit my job, I might be next. (Part 1)
Whores don't live
The bugs (PART 1)
First They'll Take Your Kids
Agent's Handbook part 4
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body (Part 2)
I had a Heart Attack and I Don’t Think I’m in a Hospital
If you hear thunder in a snowstorm, run.
Not Another Fucking Zombie Story
Too Late To Go Back- YMCYD pt2
Despite what people believe zombies are very real and are not what we think
Online friend re calls the day he died in his past life
Constant nightmares
I started keeping track of birds during the March lockdown; I noticed something very disturbing.
My friends and i tried to save some animals from being used as test subjects and now I'm scared I've released something horrible. (Part 2).
A girl named 20
My grandfather talks as if my late grandmother is still alive. I'm starting to think he isn't crazy
There's Someone In My Basement. Help.
That horrible taste that lingers (now updated properly)
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 5)
Hook-Eyed Jack
Found In My Google Docs
Three friends meet up to attend a travelling circus expecting a night of classic entertainment, but little do they know they’re in for a night to never forget...
The Closing
I will narrate your story and promote you!
Don't say it out loud.
The Face With Red Eyes
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a living nightmare. Third session- Maria
Yhifir
Iris.
That Which Cannot Be Seen
The biggest regret of my life is taking the Ancestry DNA test.
The caves.
I have Become Patient Zero of What Is Next
The Trench That Hungers
There is no such thing as ''House settling down'' noises.
I made a mistake and now I'm condemned to remember life after death
Please let me go.
Haunted Cemetery that's a popular fishing location
I Used to Manage an Arby's
Don’t get stuck in amboy part 2
Delta waves|Binural Beats|Meditation|Study Music
My Friend’s Family is Possessed (3)
Death smelled of bitter almonds
Aliens in my toilet
Elijah Down the Hall
Captain Miles Foster's Log. May 6, 1807
In an old orphanage I used to live in, we were taught to never respond to the children’s giggles.
Hey who's up? Lol
An Illness in the Water (Update)
made a gc on kik! please join if bored! :) #makefriendsgalore
I think a forest spirit is trying to steal my eyes
He Who Peeks Under The Door
Wicked Encounters- story 1
An intruder got into my college dorm. I don’t think he was human.
I can hear whispers in my headphones
My Rugby Club made me become the night security guard of the Club.
Savehim.mp4
My hotel stay from hell....literally
Never follow the thing in grey hoodie
My Friend's Father Watched me Sleep For Three Months:
I was home alone when I heard laughter downstairs.
The Haunting Howls
My Girlfriend Isn’t Who She Says She Is (She’s a fallen angel and hitwman for the underworld. She drinks demon’s blood to survive) PART TWO
Scary stories for a video? Post them below
The Descent - Day 1
Not everything is as it seems
What the Clown Gave Me
Some Advice for Better Sleep
We met the devil in a remote forest
Never Play the Whisper Game
Don't Return
I have something worse then the Virus.
The Abandon Sewer
My mother collects porcelain dolls and she calls them her children
My Grandfather was a Tanker in WW2 I found his journal yesterday...
People are disappearing, and I think I’m next
The Creeping Rainbow
I work at my local Subway, I think there's a skinwalker in the basement.
All.
Kill if you can
I went on a cruise, and i just cant wait to go back!
My new promotion came with a weird condition.
I am an artist who designs human beings
let me tell you about a story about a monster
Paradox Experiments Log
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetary, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  The Gravestones and the Being
Incentives
Help me, and listen to me
Emily's Mother
I’ve been experiencing weird things in my sleep, I’ve been waking up at exactly 3 am for the past 3 weeks and I don’t think it’s a coincidence
Dr. Donald's Practice - YouTube Channel **SCARY**
The Hotel I'm Staying in has Provided a Specific List of Rules (Part 3)
the scariest thing a human can think of
I Hear Screaming Below
Why are people so easy?
I Miss The Demon Who Possessed Me
My teaching job includes “other duties as assigned”, and I’m not so sure about those duties.
My father's journals make me suspect he didn't die from natural causes (Part 2)
The Aswan Dam is not what you think
My third open letter to Sabrina S.
Creepy staring older sister
My Girlfriend Bought Me A Book Called The Devil's Three Rules For Cooking People. I Really Wish She Hadn't.
A Traveler's Tale
My Colleague and I Were Sent To Explore The Mariana Trench
I walked up to the tree and stared at its stillness, wondering why it existed
Large Creepy Mansion with a laboratory inside.
The hospital
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed in the woods while camping. What it said is deeply disturbing. Part 3
The Terrifying Story Of A Pipecleaner.
The shadow of the Holidays
I saw it this time
Ultimate Hero! Waifu Rescue!
My Best Friend Killed Himself Two Months Ago. But Now I'm Not Sure
Put your writing to use, create the first book to be collectively written by all of humankind
I am a NASA employee and there is something headed for Earth
I escaped after a wrongful conviction. Then my uncle made me perform a demonic ritual.
I couldn't sleep last night because of this
I work at a small port in NZ... we experienced total blackout but it might not be all my fault (part 2)
The camping trip diary. Day 1
Start answering machine message? y e s
I'm going to meet Donald Trump
I'm a crime scene investigator and I can't explain what happened at Evergreen Cabin...
I HEARD the BIRDS yesterday
These goddamn zombies are trespassing on my lawn and it's pissing me off
I'm a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I'm becoming my character.
I grew up in a remote area in the woods
my story with corona {part 1}
Stephen King - Bag of bones - Full Audiobook
The Monster Within
That shadow
The Cut Case
Why'd You Let Him In?
Hell and back.
I Don't Go In The Basement At Work Anymore
My love story turned into a nightmare, please help.
I thought I could read minds.
THIS IS A CLICKBAIT. DO NOT READ.
I accidentally built a universe
Cerritus (1)
What’s the actual scariest and most disturbing creepypasta?
I Found a Doorway in my Apartment That Should Not Exist - Part 2
Merrick and The Magic Eye: Journal of a time traveler recruiter
Just a test
I was so proud of my wife for becoming an organ donor. One year after her death she asked to be reassembled.
2:41 am
Can someone explain to me what happend?
How to Survive Camping: the worst year
The Blackout Man
I'm the Monster You Cannot See
The Pigs
The world has gone downhill hasn't it?
The Untold Truth Of Battle Grounds (pt1)
There's Someone in my Closet
Howl
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. FINALE
Winter Camping with Wendigos
The Vault
Kane's Madness
Les Vosges de nuit!
We always have to keep at least one light on in our house. The last one just went out...
Im the voice in your head and I think I’ll get fired.
19 years ago, my best friend disappeared from a place I've never returned to. Something wants me to go back.
Childhood monsters
Quarantine boredom will make you do some regrettable things... PART 1
The Last Patrol
I Survived Hell on Earth
Please Help
SHARE THIS STORY
When you live in New York
It's been an hour and the shadows haven't gone
I watched my family being slaughtered and there was noting I could do
There’s something wrong. And I don’t know what it is.
I’m an exotic animal dealer and I sell things that you didn’t know existed: My first big job as an apprentice.
The Girl on the Side of the Road
I've Encountered A Dangerous Mythical Being I wish I hadn't.
I fell asleep during school. I woke up and everything’s beyond off. I think I may have somehow died. (Part 1)
My MRI
What did I Do
"Statues."
My Brother's Mirrors
Carnival Clown
Even in death
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media (Part 3): Kitchen Blitz
My brother is missing and I don’t know if it’s my fault.
Sorry, Wrong Number
I’m a Ohio ranger and I know Why we have a curfew
No One In My Family Ever Really Dies (Part Two)
There is a field behind my house and there has been some weird things have happening
Sleep Abductin
I am hiding under a desk with no escape
My night aboard a ghost train. A short horror story by Alexander DesCombes.
The migraines are getting worse
I thought I only had one crazy ex-boyfriend, now I have a whole town full of them.
“English” enslaved by the Amish
Test Post. Please Ignore.
I am so sorry
The song of the angels
revisiting friendThe Boogeyman lives in the sky
I Slept Next to a Month Old Dead Body (True Story)
Corner of my room
The other four
My uncle made a new religion.
my job is to set disaster in motion
The old house in the valley
The Sound of the Void
my dream creepypasta, the lost manhunt
If you see a knockoff “DcMonalds” in the middle of nowhere, do not order the Chicken Fillet
I love my cat. I really do.
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room..I dont think it's a shadow..
I'm a Replenishable Organ Donor
The Funeral (part 1)
Smoke in the Mirror pt 1&amp;2
The Plane That Wouldn’t Quit
Shit Gets in Your Head
I'm having this weird dreams about puzzles (part 1)
Something is stalking me and i think i am running out of time.
I work as a security guard for federal trade zone and something is extremely wrong with load NOX756 (part 1)
Microsoft
I work at a library legendary for its silence, but the new head librarian is a mouth breather. (Part 3)
Coal-Eyed Kid
I received an email I really wasn’t supposed to receive...
I swear to god the hot woman from accounting is comprised almost entirely of spaghetti
Drummer Cult
Torture Chamber
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. Here's some advice learned the hard way.
The devil on a airplane
Shell Gas Station Journal Entry pt (1/?)
FINAL UPDATE: All my Former Students are Committing Suicide
I took too much acid and now I think we're in a simulation.
The Girl With No Irises: Part 3
What is this creepy sound?
The Nuns of Chadwick Hall
The great one (Part 1)
Ahsulaifoa the duck thats eats ass
I watch her through the mirror
Don't Camp Alone
Smoke in the Mirror *final post🙄😑*
Long Lost Lover
The man in the winter jacket
Feeling as if a house is alive / communicating with you?
The eyes in the snow arent animal ones.
My Son Has Not Been Attending His Online Lessons
I decided to skip school on day...but now I regret it
I could tell you why I don't like nightlights..... but promise me you'll never buy them....
Another day as a scout
Not Liam
Why Can't They See Me (Part 3)
Catalina, I Love You
It was the first time I killed a man.
An Open Letter to Detective Raymond Fitz. Sincerely, a Humble Planter.
schoolshooting
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 2)
I keep seeing someone at my window..
Why I'm not a dog person anymore
I'm the new nanny at Lunamorte Manor. My boss is a real bloodsucker.
Abyssal Ink
The Static
There was a certain, Rasp, in his voice.
Shack
The Steel Beast of La Paz PART 2
He sees you when you’re sleeping. (Part 1).
My son came to my room at night and said that theres a monster in gis room. I wish i belived him.
Do you ever go the theme park
The forgotten planet
Soon after I woke up from my surgery, I felt like something wasn’t right!
Old Graveyards, Chanel No. 5 And Me
Skill and Creativity
The Man in the Black Plymouth
Help !
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 3)
I’m a deep web assassin who hunts down cults in his spare time. I think I’m now the hunted.
Where is my mommy?
The pandemic has really been getting to me. I’ve been hearing a voice in the silence, and I don’t know what it wants.
My 10th birthday present...
so yea this shit happened and im terrified
No Name, No Number
The Dark Side of YouTube
Baby Shark
Everyday i'm visited by two birds. One brings good news. The other brings bad..
Tales from a Boston Police Officer pt. 1
Pit: Book 1-Episode 1
A rip current dragged me out to the ocean in the night. I was not alone.
Scratch
i need help just
I Broke My Own Rules (Part Two)
I found secret tunnels under the house that’s been in my family for generations
I created an ARG, and it became way too much to handle (PART 2)
Late Night Talking (p.s this is the first story i have made so don't judge lol)
The Moustache.
I am apart of Something's game, and death is not an escape.
Autonomous Sensory Murderous Response
I’m stuck in a parallel universe, It’s been too long I’ve been here - Part 1
I grew up in a small, exclusive gated community.
A massive asteroid hit the moon. Something unexpected happened...
Following the trail of an old story
My Dream Last night was weird.
Bleach is my favorite beverage.
Strange things have been happening to me and I need to find answers
I made a mistake.
The Grey Gentleman
This is a message from the future. If you’re seeing this, it’s already too late.
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free— If you Ever Meet Him, SAY NO! (Part 2– Final)
I found these logs while I was cleaning. How could I do something so horrible?
They can't hear it. They can't see it. Why can I?
I took my dog camping and he hasn't been the same since
I used to be a 911 operator.
Pretty Pink Confetti
Scarred little Soul
It's 2 am, I'm trapped in my school and there is someone looking for me.
My new school expects everyone to maintain an A+ average. (Part 1)
The dead of my family seem to have the ability to contact us.
Weird Things Keep Happening In The Town I Live In and I Don't Know Why
Children of Men
Boris Johnson and Donald Trump are Acolytes of a Pagan Goddess, and I have Evidence to Prove it
Anyone else have problems with their Tickle-Me-Elmo?
The Haze
The Anakausuen people
The propaganda realm
READ THIS!!!!!!
Happy Halloween, you sick bastards.
The day I learned to fly.
If Mommy Asks If You’re Fine You Say Yes, Even If You’re Not
The mystery of Gracelock (Part 1)
I work at an abnormal cafe pt2
The woman in my attic started walking towards me today
Closeted From The Kristians Of Cooke County
Nzjskz
My Patients See Things, I Think I See Them Too.
The Creature of the Desert
What I saw scarred me for life.
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of. (Part 2)
I want you to fix me, doctor. So I can kill myself.
No one talks to me anymoreHad a nightmare and decided to post it
What to do first
Ever heard of philosophical zombies? Ever met one? How do you know? (Part 1)
The animals turned on us one day. (Part 1)
Stay away from the Appalachian mountains...
This is seriously a true story, and I literally cannot sleep.
I'm a new Horror Narrator
That thing.
Did you know we all have a wandering spirit following us all the time?
Stories of the deep (1)
It is never quite what they claimed, was it?
The shootings getting closer
An old phone and a fax machine
Eyes in the mist - a story I wrote for a school assignement
It’s normal to be anxious
A Knock Knock Game.
I Woke Up Yesterday
Senioritis
I went down a road late in the night, now I will never go back.
How I became a Monster Hunter (If the story is bad I understand)
I was born deaf
I think I've been receiving postcards from Hell
Stay away from animal kingdom lodge NO MATTER WHAT!!!
Mental abuse
I met the Devil on a bus and he claimed he was God.
Cozy ambience for slee: Light forest rain in spring with birdsong
I think my company is packaging people.
All of this was over Toilet Paper
The Royal WoodLand Resort
The Rober
The Midnight Game... I played it and I was a complete moron. I need to tell this to someone. (Repost bc the owner of this got banned ig because there is no trace of him on reddit F for him)
Visualization Technique "God's Death"
Behind Me, Over My Shoulder
This night feels like one of those crappy horror games you’d find for free
Lotus Blossom
Sometimes stay away from girls at parties
The Girl With No Irises: Part 2
Do not read thisthe tree crawler
Something liked to watched me sleep at night.
Maybe I shouldn’t talk to strangers
My Addiction Story Pt 2 of 2
There’s something in the wine cellar, and I don’t know what to do.
Has anyone heard of a game called Knock-at-the-Dock?
I've Relived the Same Moment
The Wailing Woman of Eastern Jharkand Ghat Road.
I need help finding a story
Sometimes, when I can't sleep, it reminds me of the nights lying awake in my bed in Kenya.
Someone used my toilet when no one was home
Please look null doesn’t like do you
I think I engaged something bad
This Greyhound bus hasn’t stopped for days, End of the line.
Stories of the Straits
I was geocaching and it took me into a abandoned building
See guys i have just started writing a few deep poems.. this is my first one....
Mr. O'Brien's Party Place
I'm forgetting who I am and I need to get back to my dream
There’s someone watching me
How I became a werewolf.
The rules to survive a day in my home
The Broken Girl
So, how was last night? Part 1
It runs in the family
Dying Words
The hunted
It handed me the key and sent me on my way
I didn't believe The Whispering Man was real, until my sister vanished and now he's after me.
Urban exploration went to hell
Little Boys Who Kick And Punch End Up As The Monster's Lunch
I awoke on an island, unlike anywhere I’ve ever explored. (1/?)
Our Best Companion is Ourselves
I Don’t Know Who is Behind Me but They Won’t Leave
My Dad is not a Killer, but the Thing that Replaced him is.
Paranormal activity in my house
my crazy ex
A camp called Neverwinter
I found some cassette tapes while burying my dog, this is the second tape
The Lab
My friends and I messed around with a Ouija board. We shouldn't have. Part 1
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse. Part 3My Dad thought Bigfoot attacked his home!
The Confusing Halloween
My Encounter With... Something
RE: Your husband misses you!
Something want to scare me in tik-tok
Something Happened
The Farmhouse on the Ice
Indian Instrumental Music (TAMBURA) | Music For Yoga &amp; Meditation
The night that changed how I saw the dark
There are things in the cave that shouldn’t be
There's a Predator in My Woods That Don't Belong
My fried chicken-loving demon roommate is back in town from his trial in Hell, but he isn’t here for a vacation. He’s back because someone, or something, is trying to kill me. FINAL UPDATE.
Mrs. Cooper
The reason I'm no longer a tour guide
I was stalked and kidnapped by my teacher:
Crawling Nightmares
I Was A Test Subject In The Elysium Experiment
I can hear breathing, but it's not mine
More than sleep paralysis
I have no rules at my night security job because i have to write them down...
I was stalked by a strange man.
Room 1911: An Exorcist Walks Into a Bar
So my Girlfriend decided to start an Onlyfans page....
Revolution.
My Childhood Fairytale Monsters have Come to Life.
The Revenant
I was gifted the most dangerous book i'll ever read: Chapter 1
Rainy night at our house
There's something wrong with my twin sister.
I encountered the devil and lived to say this. Based on a true story.
Part 6. Finale. My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
I think a lady ghost grew fond of me, followed me home and in my dreams.
Working at an amusement park: girls' night in
If You Find Scratches In Your Home, You Disturbed It
My students were sent to an emergency assembly today and have come back acting very strange.
The sound of death
No one remembers my brother, except me.
Analog fear
There's Something Odd About My Friend at Summer Camp
A Symphony of Cell Phones. “Trigger warning”
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it (Part One).
(Series) The Mysterious death of Nickui Rameu Part 1 Entry/Per Day 1-2
My Mom’s Skin-walker Experience
Why do a bunch of stories include a list of things
This planet does not belong to us...
Marly Republic people following me?
Memories from my Grandparents House by
Does anybody else get these weird dialogue choices during a job interview and not sure which one to pick?
I think I read too many scary stories
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 3, Final Part)My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out. (Part 1/10)
Police Interview {Transcript 1}
I just graduated from medical school, and this will prove the biggest decision of my career
I had a Near-Death Experience. Here's 10 tips to help you survive one.
If you live in California, I’m sorry.
My Final Day In The Bayou (part 2)
I saw my dad today, but he's been dead for 3 years
I just had a sit-down with Death herself
I Went to Heaven.
Please help me!
The Other World (Part one through four)
A little story of a loser
I'm an office tech at a company that works with NASA. I should have never looked through their secret archive.
The House
The disappearance of William Tyrrell
I went Backpacking in a National Park, I don't think I'll ever go back.
Never go into the south pasture
Something is wrong with my house
Walking Without Light - Part 2
I've been to another realm.
Does anyone know a vet? My dog is acting really strange...
Mothman / Dark Humanoid Recently Encountered Along Ohio River Near Chesapeake, OH
My Grandparents Live in a Very, Very Strange Town
Something is Stalking the Streets of Manila During Quarantine
I’ve Been Kidnapped By Death (Part 3)
I've been getting threatening phone calls from a telemarketing company, and they want me to join them.
I was attacked and almost killed by my "chair"
I witnessed a car crash and didn’t call for help
COVID Timeline, Please Help
The great pumpkin
My grandmother, Victoria
One day, I met a beekeeper.
My experiences with Gui da Qiang (2/3)
The cornfields are hiding something from the public.
Ghost Wonderful
I'm volunteering at my old middle school. The job came with a very strange "code of conduct".
If anyone knows The Green Man tell him I miss him
Tremble
im a werewolf {part 2}
Tales of a Ranger (part 18)
Cutest moments of Pitiful Rolls Royce when he drink much milk with amazi...
Residents of Ohio, please consider relocating
Four 13 year old kids in a forest in the darkness of night. What can go wrong?
Hordhuff
(SUBREDDIT QUESTION) Am I allowed to post a story that features references to a video game?
To My Old 4th Grade Classmates in Mrs.Barther’s Biology Class. Lock Your Doors
I Made a New Friend
Skype Call
The Tooth Fairy of Smolt Hamlet
AWAKE
A letter to the new homeowner (PART 1)
I gave up everything in search of occult knowledge.
Camping trip.
I had a bad Randonautica experience
Where I am?
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: I found a record in my record collection I never bought. I wish I had never found it./Apartment 3
The God Damned Chupacabra
There had to be something wrong with that bear.
💣Pau De JUMENTO Funciona? PAU De Jumento AUMENTA? PAU De Jumento O Que É??
Don’t ever play the mirror game called “Billy the Bouncing Butcher”.
We are all capable of so much more...
Once a criminal, always a criminal!
Don't Talk to the New Neighbor
Scarlet Trees: Chapter One
I used to work for a suicide helpline. but I quit after the final call I recieved.
I'm a debuting MMA referee and the things the promotion is asking me to do can't be legal
The bad man pushed me I think I'm going to die
(Pt 1) Charlie sure did like to make his mama smile.
Momma's Cheating on Tony Again
Daddy?
What I Saw in the Static
The story of my Grandfather
I tried to write a r/nosleep story, and it failed.
I found a strange letter at my doorw5aVh5mBo6JLDSXVlkCihZWihUsNJeaIlkCBmYVApoVvQOaFQIGZhUCVlqNAg4mDgYSBS0DmhUCB mYVAppaZooVLQOaFQIGZhUCFgaKJhZlLQNaZQJWWo0CmhW9A4oiFa0CIhUtLS0DJo28NJcSWlX2j QIWnl4WDo0sNJdWWQKKFlaKFSw0l
My name is Project #124
My house is surrounded by armed soldiers - 3
I never talk about what happened on my first case as detective, but I had to share my story somewhere...
My New MotherWhat is *my* depression?
I went night surfing and something happened to me
The Fifth Fundamental Force
Whoa
Crawling
Help. I’m stuck in a satanic cult where they want to make everyone “invisible.”
My Day
How to pick up a woman.
The international killer
Corona RagnaroK
Black Phone Call
I was part of an island exploration team in Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 6
Doomscrolling
The Deterioration of Naomi Kim
do not play the elevator game
My Son Waited Outside for Santa; Something Else Took Him Instead
i think someone is coming after me
I Went to the Address On My Fake I.D.
My diary from the future.
Jason Hacksaw
I was getting on the bus and woke up next to a monster in the forest
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories.
The Blackout
I am an enforcer for the iluminati the coronavirus is our doing.
Last September
Does anyone know anything about the door just outside of Grand Anath Creek? (Part 1)
Something is Watching Me From the Woods (Part 2)
The Void Below my Bed / Part 2 of the Delacroix Void
Stories of the Bog
The Bus to Nowhere
The Redwood Nightmare
The importance of owning a bedframe.
A short story about my great grandfather in WWII
Pregnancy is beautiful!
hell awaits
I Talk to Houses
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...part 3
The secret on my chest
They are 2000 years old. (Part 1)
I was never told about the trees.
My Daddy and His Ghost
A mothers love
A Kid In My Class Would Eat Anything. Now He Has A Mukbang Channel.
I have extra sensory perspective (something like a sixth sense) and maybe something even far more than that.
The Life Cycle
Just look forward, there not real.
The first and last time I performed a brain tissue transplantation.
The King of the Valley
I work as a Cop in Boston. The things I saw, keep me awake at night. (Part 1)
Strange Encounter While Home Alone
A follow up to my post
The Death Clock
CIA reject looking4 friends
Its almost 2am.. and someone is knocking on my front door.
We All Thought the Creepy Old Man Kept Dinosaurs in His Massive Greenhouse. I Wish It Had Been Just That...
I had a dream again.
Partly sunny with a chance of virus showers in the afternoon.
238 Daniels Lane
The Book of Gabe | Part 1
My Past Life Is Taking Over My Current One...And I Can't Stop It
The Immaculate Path.
Empty Clothes
Please remember
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - I just got out of jail
I Hate My Grandmother's Dolls.
Don't worry, I'll trap this "cat" in my room so it wouldn't try to harm anyone.
I recently inherited my grandpa's bed and breakfast building after he passed away, but I think I may have inherited something worse.
The Beast in The Closet
Highrise Apartments
My Family is Cursed- Part 1
Our new cornershop
Siri was malfunctioning, girlfriend got scared
Ever since my high school baseball team stopped at a small-town gas station, I can't stop hearing the screaming.
I've always wanted a life in a quiet town
Don’t go jogging after midnight.
Day ?
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part One)
Always check which subreddit you're on
The T-Posing Man
My friends Sister is insane atleast I think so?
Room 132: The Dentist's Box
I've been in the trucking business for over 20 years. After what I saw last night, I'm never taking the road again.
Very suspicious.
It FeedsI work at a private museum for the rich and famous. The guests are trying to kill me.
I received a box of my father’s belongings. It contained a cassette tape labeled “The Final Gate.”
I have 99 days left to live.
I work for the CDC in Cincinnati
Never stay in the Freetown State Forest passed sundown.
The Inexplicable Road (Pt.3) Final
I love my job - Amabel's story
A warning perhaps too late
It’s following me
Zimmerman Automata
I don't know why I was locked in a cave.
I got arrested for extracting personal amounts of DMT, and my life is over.
My uncle tries to kill me
I work at the most dangerous zoo on Earth. God help us if one of the creatures we house escape. Unfortunately, that is exactly what happened
Reason #731 not to donate your body to science
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 9)
If you’re reading this... Its to late
My Experience with the Clown Wave of 2016
The Manager's Office(Part One)
My camping encounter with what I'm still not sure of what it was
The Valley of A Thousand Corpses
Help! I'm trapped in a city of women! It's not what I expected...
An Amazing Community, silly!
Don't Trust His Smile
Empty of Fullness (revised)
I have the most odd and terrifying dreams
Hybrid part 1
US Department of Astral Affairs: On Sandmen
The Sisters of House Omega
I Had a Dream Where I'm The Psycho
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But My Dads A Murderer
Dark Figure
TESTER TESTER TESTER
Any stories similar to "why I hate lightning McQueen"
I recently booked a hotel but immediately regret it when I saw the list of rules I have to follow.
My daughter saved our family. It should have been me.
Be careful who you meet up with from a dating app. That pretty face may not be what you expect.
The Truth is Eating Me Alive
When Wishes Go Wrong
When you think about it.
I've been hunted by cryptids and monsters my whole life.I've got stories to tell.
A friend of mine asked me to babysit his baby. The house has a very weird set of rules.
Softbread Journals - Entry 1
I'm about to wake up.
Amusement Park (Part 1)
My friend and I made a mistake
My name is Michael, and I’m about 800 years old.
We Were Superheroes (Part 1)
A Train Journey To Remember
The creaks at night
Don't forget to count the cats.
Im an old farmer and going to my now dead uncles farm was a wrong move
I just got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found an unsettling list of rules........
The fake me
SHAME ON YOU (Part II)
Colleen
I just met the lone survivor of a village that disappeared 200 years ago... And now I finally know why the village was abandoned.
Please help. I'm fading away.
I Can See Your Future, Mr. Kilpatrick
I had a stillbirth 25 years ago. They lied to me. I have seen my daughter grow up.
I'm a priest of my local church, working confessions is .causing me to lose my faith. (Pt. 1)
Northern street 21 aka why i hate dentists
You and me and they
I feel her hand laid over mine.
MY LIFE WITH THE DEVIL
The dangers of drinking alone
my childhood fear is real
The Summoning of Lorenza Caprillo.
Please help me
The House of Eyes
If you ever hear a cry for help while camping, you better ignore it.
Best Horror Narrators?
An immortal's long-term guide for entertainment
I didn't do enough research on my employer... now it might cost me my life
I appear to have lost my memory, there's a set of strange instructions telling me what to do.
I know when I’m going to die. 10 more minutes.
The woman at the subway.
I found a notebook on my property, and I think I need outside opinions
I'm a magician, and I finally got the Mirage to reveal his secrets.
no sleep YouTube series
I Summoned the Devil
The Pancake House
School Madness
The midnight monster ,and a cult ?
I man almost a direct copy as the other whistle story.
My colleague at Google was found dead.
I got an interview for a new job
I’m a social worker for psychic children
I work at my local Subway. I think there's something in the basement. Part 2
What's Wrong with My Botfriend
Cole Report 005: Aliuktuk Part 2
I have not been sleeping for more than 3 hours a day
I created my perfect artificial soulmate but he's more real than I expected
My twin sister found a lump on her neck, and I think it’s something far worse than a tumourI am stuck in The Backrooms
Working at an amusement park: the thing about iron
Room 888: Telephone
Uncontrolled.....
His last secret - final (Part 10)
Please, help me
Penance
Interview with the Ghost hunter.
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 6
I Found my Doppelganger. She does Snuff Porn.
something very strange happened to me while reading something from here.
Never EVER accept a half-bound leather book
Lighthouse in the sky.
I See Things Other People Are Afraid To (PART 2)
What I found in Room 315
Is this good or bad?
Multiples
Don't try to live in the dream world, it isn't worth it.
"THE STRANGET THE IN THE WOODS!"
Welcome to the Panic Room.
A Kiss in the Dark
The Dweller from Below.
The Ashwater Disappearances Are Far Stranger Than We Thought (the Ashwater Tapes part 1)
What is the purpose of life?
The Window Was Open...
Do not go to the park at night
That Lullaby
My brother, who was accused of rape, burnt himself to death.... But something just doesn't seem right to me.
This fucking creeps the shit out of me
The spirit who loves me
Since I Left You
I cannot escape this hell without your help.
The Way The World Ends (Part Four)
By the cove
Regis Philbin made me kill my mom (NOT CLICKBAIT)
I should have known better when it started happening at 3 a.m.
Siren Head Sighting
The master bedroom of my Grandma's house creeps me outI found this video in our patient archive. I don't know what to think...
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms -Part 5
My best friend died 4 months ago. Here's the rules for hanging out with him. (Part 1)
Angel On The Sideline Puzzled and Amused
Something I found somewhere
How I became a wax statute. And if you ever see me again, it's not me anymore.
I took a babysitting job and deeply regret it. These kids are dangerous, but I have to protect them.
Frijj Vs Yazoo
He has captured me and I need help..!
My Christmas Tree Touched Me
The Transcript of the Mary Jane 9-1-1 Call
Skinwalker on a mission trip.
THE DOPPELGANGER
My job is watching a woman trapped in a room. Part Four.
The Tunnel at the Playground
They Have No Eyes
One person where I live apparently never ages.
The second we saw him we all fell in love
WIBTA If I broke a huge promise?
“The Farmland” camp where miracles don’t happen
I was 8 or 9 years old when I was approached by a strange man who wanted to know where the local supermarket was located.
He did it.
The Slime Man
The attic people
Animations that need to stay in the Disney Vault.
Dial P For Possession
THERW WAS SOME THING IN THE CLOSET
If you see a scarecrow in the middle of nowhere leave it alone
nkn
Tracking My Sleep Patterns Turned Out to be a Horrible Idea (Part 2)
the quiet man
I decided to play a video game disk in my CD player.
I'm gonna make you PROUD
The Regret Game
When Uncle Isaac Came to Visit
There is a Cave in a Private Beach in Cape Cod
Our sun died
A person asked me on youtube wanna play? I accepted it. And I regretted it.
If you ever hear distorted vocals, RUN
I worked a night shift as a security gaurd in a mall. There was a stange set of rules.
The Site
The abnormal night
The Girl in White
There’s something in the subway. Pt 2.
I played a game with Death
3rd shift security at a nunnery
Take a closer look
Abracadabra (PART 1)
I found a portrait of a faceless man.
Missing Persons: The Cottage
welding man
The Ghost Tree. Part Four of Six.
Never Trust Your Reflection
The Agoraphobia Chronicles
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift. (part 4)
Murder in Moon Hollow (part 2)
Things Aren't Getting Any Better in Brazil
I Interviewed the Cannibal Who Ate My Father
The Cotton Candy Man
Confessions of a Twitch Girl
There's something under my living room rug.
"I just had to have it!"
I saw Her with my own eyes, and She is real.
Either My Christmas Gift is Possessed or I Killed My Cat
I thought my daughter had disappeared.
Writing in the Book of the Dead (Part 1)
My next door neighbor is a MILF- final update
My Friend Wants Me to Commit Suicide
They came for our eyes.
Seven Footsteps in the Night
In my town, the better you are the bigger you are (Part 2)
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 3
The Screaming Man
Do You Want to Learn How To Paint?
Everyone is your enemy, nowhere is safe.
The Book of Truth
A Stranger in the Rain
I don't know if it was a dream.
I have always had an irrational fear of water. Now, I don't think it's so irrational (p2)
I made "friends" with a reaper. i don't know if i made the right choice.
Shadowless
This Cab Ride Never Should Have Happened
I met my boyfriend when he crawled out of my TV screen
Someone broke into my apartment, saw me, and left
Why I Hate Thanksgiving
The Dead roads
I found a mysterious package on my doorstep. My life is now changed forever. (Part 2)
The 911 call
Me and my friends mest up
She's Trying to Take My Son
The Staring Lady
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them. (Part 3 (Final))
Shadow Person in the Menger Hotel in San Antonio next to the Alamo
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won’t hear about it in the news. I sent them my daughter instead.
A monster is stalking me, it wants me to follow it.
I Was One Of The Last Visitors At The Pumpkin Patch
Apparently "mainstream therapy" means taking out your brain.
I couldn't stand the smell, so I got rid of it.
Today I’m going to do it - Really
Don't Go In The Water Of Venice. Something Is Alive In There
The Lake Keeps Dragging People Into It
There is No Third Floor
I have seen things.. scary things
Tanning bed tried to suck out my soul
I'm not sure where to put this... I think it belongs here..
A Girl is stalking me.
Speed Demon
A target back from the dead
My brother died last week, today I found a note that he wrote.
I still think about a girl from almost a couple decades ago.
Its almost 2am and someone is knocking at my door..
Getting deployed over here was bad, but now we’re sick.
At Jefferson Park Forest, The Wildlife Isn’t The Only Thing You Should Be Afraid Of.
Time’s Grove
Greening Deserts Trillion Trees Initiative for biodiversity conservation, climate protection, ecological education, ecosystem restoration, environmental protection, greening, reforestation and species protection can reduce climate change effects, defores
I'm not sure what is mimicking the voices but it's there.
A generic haunted story
Can anyone remember this story?
Something is sleeping in the waters of St.Petersburg
Favor to Ask
Portal-potties
Howler
The Monster Whisperer. Part 1 (by me)
Beyond our Nightmares
How to Survive Camping - the motherless
I made a mistake on searching up "Disneyland death on Its a Small World"...
I am going to commit murder in a train station in 20 minutes
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (Part 1)
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. True horrors emerged in the quarterfinals.
It came from the woods (fiction
Pippino
I Found A Strange Letter In A Book From The Library
Midnight Intruder
Scarecrow in the Garden
Super creepy Twitter account
Do you wanna play pretend?
Haunted since Christmas
Please Do Not Schedule a Tour at GFY Industries
I solved it.
Me and 6 other people have been challenged and to kill each other in a week (part 2)
A guy standing in my backyard
Hachishakusama has come to South Korea (Part 2)
Thispersondoesnotexsit.com
hello fence. can you hear me?
A meetup at a Mansion
A How To Guide: Contacting Mother Nature!
Don't hide, Run.
We called him the Wizard
My Life In Hell Pt. 1
Snow in July.
I can't wake up from my labyrinth dreams
There's something wrong with my dog.
A mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane Part 2
Maison pour personnes âgées FR
The Horse and The Sickness
I cant decide if this should be posted here
The Teacher
HE Comes Once A Year
A Day On The Ocean
I don't want to sleep (Day 1)
The Shopper
The Ant Farm
Water? Never again.
Grinchy
Thou'rt Thine Own Bane
Am im the only one who saw the THING?
i saw it in the sky and now i understand the incidents
Traumatizing Experience on the Deep Web
Black Eyed Kids encounter 2003
The red links
"Wait what? That's our house!"
₦ØŦҤł₦G ł$ λ$ łŦ $EEM$ λ₦¥MØƦE
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 1) -repost
With every day, it only gets worse...
Something happened to my best friend last night and I think I'm forgetting him.
I'm the Last Girl
My apartment had 12 rules that I need to follow to stay alive ( Part 2)
No One Can Hear You
I don’t feel like I belong here anymore.
Capewood (Pt. 2- Julian)
I Saw My Brother’s Imaginary Friend
The Phantom Ape of Carew Castle
KITTY TW;
Ollie tale
I participated in a dark web treasure hunt. It was a stupid-ass decision.
I don't think I ever really left the hospital.
I Explored An Old Classroom
Steven kings new book release
There are 7 Elder Demons bound on this Earth and I think I've released them all  The White Door
Tink tink tink
Always Look Up Before Crossing the Street
Ballroom dancing
My Secret
A red mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane Part 3
He was feeding the cats (part 2)
I saw a girl in the window at my grandmas house
Are You Different ??
Don't touch my dog
An "ordinary" 911 call.
The Flood Lights at The Neighbor's Across The Street
Never call your children's names in the rainforests of Trinidad
The Black Blobs Part 4
Got scared in the elevator
r/peterswork
i'm the secret scp they have been hiding from you and i have to warn you
My sister was possessed and I had witnessed it!!!
Sharon On The Wheelchair
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
Mouse infestation (???)
Where do the flies come from
Расскажите свои страшные истории в которые никто не верит
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 (September 6th and 7th)
My doctor is an extradimensional monster! A comedy by professor Gaeth
I found a journal... (part 2)
I moved in with my boyfriend I met at work, and I regret my decisionIs anyone there? Part 2
I inherited a Wild West model town. We drink away our sorrows.
Mosquito bites
The man in Branson, MO
Who Needs Prom Queen?
I bore witness to the dark blue world
If you get a Snapchat from your dead wife don't open it.
Jamaica's duppy are real
My Mom's Doll
Our local grocery store started selling products that don't exist
The Subway (My First Horror Story)
The Woman on the Ceiling
I did that challenge where you text or call you’re neighbor. Don’t do it.
I Quit 911 Not Because Of The Calls But Because Of My Supervisor
With care, m.s
You never truly know a person.
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Two)
Wake up!
The wind comes from the wrong direction
I’m never shifting realities again.
Someone without a head parked his car outside my parents' house
The Friends I Met In Hell
Contact established
are ghosts real?
I’m a Private Detective and I think I just worked my last case
I'm a Zookeeper. Something is Very Wrong With the Animals Here (Part 2)
Sled
My imaginary friend as a kid came back (true story)
Someone is coming home on Monday
I want to touch the edge.
So I found this book.
Grandma Reneé
Please just
Ambushed while camping
Mommy's Tired
I finally met my father today. It didn't go down as expected.
What I Inherited
Trapped on the 50th Floor (part 2)
The man in my window at the dead of night
I can't remember who stole my memories.
I went to Santa Monica and it changed me
My Little Brother
a man broke into my house.
The Monster Above Me
Pandemic (part 5)
A man died in our house
I bought my dream car, i sort of regret it
An old guy hired me to manage his life-sized dollhouse, and it’s about time I got the fuck out of here (FINAL)
Just a Night of Fun
48 65 6c 70 20 6d 65 21 20 49 20 68 6f 70 65 20 73 6f 6d 65 20 68 61 73 20 74 68 65 20 73 65 6e 73 65 20 74 6f 20 74 72 61 6e 73 6c 61 74 65 20 69 74 2e
We stopped a school shooter, but now I wished we hadn’t.
The Flying Dutchman
I don’t think I’m supposed to exist.
The man in the corner
I found a notebook filled with information about "anomalies"
Ogopogo believed to be seen breaching the surface - GLOBAL NEWS
Eskimo
Take you back to where you belong
House of Nightmares
I stopped smoking weed because i thought i was constantly being watched. But now I'm being hunted
A Recollection of Strange Moments
Everything is dead or gone.
Always turn off the lights (part 2)
I wasn’t afraid before
The Day They Came
A letter from a caring father
This is a message for Jaime Nunez of Sacramento, California.
PSA: Do NOT respond to PMs from xp_slowburnlit_dx
Scary journal found on bus.
Something is at my window
The man with the devil eyed cat.
Unknow person part 1
Kabuki
The Blood Works Chamber
Bad Things is Ouachita National Forest Part 1
no sleep is bad
Weston Halloween Carnival (Johnathan Mulberry)
My Estranged Brother
My girlfriend talks while she sleeps but doesn't answer. 3 Nights ago, she did.
Something’s wrong with my dog. Very wrong.
Cecil
Or something and date of you
I'm stuck in an elevator
Pi Network Cryptocurrency
There is something wrong with my new Mortal Kombat game
I got myself a Weighted Blanket, and now I am trapped inside my Bedroom
The Neverglades Mysteries: "In the Beginning"
I dreamt standing on grass that was pitch black and looking over a horizon filled with crosses as the sun was constantly in an eclipse.
I can't remember right or left...
I saw something strange in my grandmas room/basement.
I Learned the hard way to Never Trust Shapeshifters (Part 1)
The Violinist
I Heard My Voice On Spotify, Something Is Happening On October 5th 2020
My moms skin walker story
Sleep paralysis
Your Land is Ours: A Philippine Ethnic Tale Surrounding Those Who Had Been Taken
A song might result in my death
End your insomnia with MoonDust - Free sleep assessment and option to join pilot program
Tonight Drake presents Gretzky - 415
Make sure you carefully read the label of your three-in-one body wash
I Want To Kill Myself. My Friends Tell me I Should.
They have taken over. Please Help.
My parents never gave me a name, so I borrowed someone else’s. Now they want it back.
Amandaishere.jpg
IT WAS IN THE BATHROOM
An Infinity of Rats
I can see things
What do you do to not get scared at night?
The Esmeralda County Specter
What our customers have to say about us!
Why did this happen?!?
Rex
The End of the War
This is a true story. Just happened to me right now. Didn't know where to exactly post it. (Read Below).
Something bad happened a year ago.
The Missing Friend
There is Something Coming for Earth as You Read This
The dream I murdered.
Eve and the Documents
My grandma always used to tell me about scary "myths" this one has rules, that you must follow.
I'm not the same.
The Chindi
Why I Don't Sleep on Halloween Night
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now. (part five)
I have no options
Dr. Whiskers' Lab of Fun
Always off?
Il Signore di Scungilli - The Scungilli Man
"Thinking of you, Danny!"
I Sold Myself Into Slavery (Part One) NSFW
There’s Something In the Desert
My keyboard makes sounds at night.
Majorly Myopic Girls
f r u i t i n g b o d i e s
For the past 3 months, this same phone number keeps calling me.. (Part 1 &amp; Part 2)
Down the rain drops fall
Walkin' After Midnight
The Strange Town of Smaltowne, Q.S.A.
My Police Academy is Haunted UPDATE
I’m a drug dealer. Let me tell you what psychosis is like
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 1 The Prototype
Please Don't Eat This Cereal With Milk
A Strange Happening.
THE VOICES -repost-
Rough draft of my short story Paradise Hotel (work in progress, feel free to make suggestions)
The apocalypse started and I slept through it - Part 2
I’m an Urban Explorer. Here is my story.
My name is Adam and I am an addict. It's been three days since I last died.
Something weird happened
Go Away Scary Monster
An Unexpected Day at the Bakery
Erik the Lephixian: Part 1 - Eradication of the Lephixians
Where is everyone, where’s the moon?
I remembered.
Guys. Don't be click-baity.
My body in the bathtub
Whatever you do, don't take the Lightspeed diet.
All I see are red eyes....
Therapy doctor for my nightmare
I’m a Lawyer and my former boss has asked me to take the stand against a dangerous corporation. Something terrible has happened to everyone that has ever testified against them.
Florida Serial Killer and And the sleep watcher by Audrey Webster.
The Tale of Devil's Lair
I swear, I’m fine
If you ever receive a bag of seeds in the mail, DO NOT PLANT THEM.
What I Inherited
The Heart stone at Fairbank park.
Dear Margarete
The bottom of the sea holds what no one can imagine( part 1)
On the Other Side of the Tunnel
The Revenge-Seeking, Evicted Tenant
Every time i go to sleep at night theres a bang at the door and its happened every night since i moved
Deprivation
Don't Piss off the Missionaries
Dreams do come true.
“They Walk Amongst us....”
The fireworks made the sky turn black
My graveyard has weird rules
Friday Night (Part 1) **Trigger Warning: Contains violence**
Get Happy!
Studying sucks
Why I Live in Arizona
The red stadium
I was a lab experiment. Now I'm here.
THE EYES
I'm an astronaut and I just got back from space.
Village Rules
I Just Started Working for a Haunted Ranch
if you are single and you want to meet people
Back in the 80s I rode the short bus. One day we didn't stop at IS 88... here's what happened...
There is a new Ambulance service for drug-related incidents in my town
There is a museum in construction near me. And I think I saw myself there
5 hours on speed
People Wash Up on my Island Community: All Rivers Lead to the Ocean.
TRUE STORY: Flying Humanoid in Austin,TX
Reaccuring dream I had as a child, what does it mean?
Lauren
Weird Things Keep Happening in my Town and I Don’t Know Why
Closer Kin
My School Bus Was Ambushed By A Bunch Of PHYCHOPATHS
I work at NASA. We have never discovered alien life.
Who Invited This Clown Camping
So a child gave me a ring, heres what happend. Part:1
I beg of you, don’t take brain health supplements.
I found a patient's notebook buried in the rubble of an old asylum (Part 1)
One morning I woke up, and every human being except me has vanished and got replaced by creatures.
I am your personal assistant in a hell he created.
It's in the woodsDysphagia
I loved those little candies.
It All Started With A Noise (part 2)
Twenty years ago, I met a guardian angel. They're not as pure as you'd think.
I would always have the same dream
They Never Stop Laughing
Nobody ever understood it
Angel Cave
The Alter
I Met an Online Group
Raking Fingers
Don't read this
Green Glass Door
I've been on the run for 3 years... PART 1
My new flat comes with rules. I can already feel this won’t be a pleasant experience.
I was a jerk in the subway station. Now I've paid the price.
I am Salazar, an experienced finder of the occult. Come see what I've found this time.
Something crazy happened to me 5 years ago in China, I was haunted by something I picked up from an abandoned shopping mall.
How to be a doomer?
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part six)
I'm rotting from the inside out.
Winter smile.
I visited the ghost city of Ordos in Inner Mongolia, China for urban exploration. I stumbled across a horrible conspiracy.
I think my daughter is a serial killer
The Ghost in the Screen
I went into the crawlspace of my home
everyone has fallen asleep and i'm beginning to get tired...
The Spirit House
I Found A Book In the Library That's About Me. Now I'm Afraid For My Life.
Don't listen to the radio!
The Denver Video
Guinea quadrate
Beach Day
Someone please tell me how to return to sender
I think I've been a nest my whole life...
Does anyone else have the same expirience?
The Labyrinth Game Part 4: You Chose Wisely
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was.
The children of Garland Woods.
It was supposed to be a Fire Drill...
My Bus Driver Drove is to an Abandoned Town
I just graduated from medical school, and I finally learned the most important rule about being a doctor
The man in the street was looking for someone....maybe someone curious and vulnerable like me. Let me tell you about him.I Work In An Underground Prison... Part 3 (Final)
Forehead KissesI work for the fbi
Hey guys this is my first time writing a scary short story. This stems from a sleep paralysis experience I had. But I changed some things for the story. Hope you like it. ☺️
Going darn't pit changes people.. and dogs.
I work At The Only Pizza Place Town( Part 3)
Grave in my Drawing-room
Where Are My Fingers?
I work with crazy, violent people; but now I’m beginning to wonder if I’m the dangerous one
An account of a hunter
A Hundred Year Stay
My family is cursed. I think I’m next
I have some stories to tell. I’m wondering who else has these experiences.
I just play video games but my neighbor found the “cure” to cancer.
The Nail-Clipper That Bites Back
I’m a new Explorer of Realities, and I promise you that none of this was my fault
Madness
The glitching apartment building in the dead village i just moved in is making me go pyscho.
If your ever smell the stench of decay, then it might already be too late
So its not my friend and its not yours either?
The hidden door
My house is infested with ghosts. They play pranks and mildly inconvenience me all the time. I hate them and want them to die again and again and again.
My dead boyfriend won’t stop texting me.
The Pond
She's looking
NoSleep Interview with Fainting--Goat!
My roommate in room 502.
I think i a victim of a deep web suicide gambling site
The Devil has a new marketing department
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows.  FINAL.
That Call
The window handle
The split personality
(Tw; Self-harm, suicide) Food For Thought
It Wasn't a Suicide
I'm begging you stop going outside when it rains
A night with omegle to remember
Blankets are your safety cover
Visions of Happiness
Barriers
The benefits of being a scientist
Most surreal and scariest experience of my life
A Flower for Adam
I thought there was a weasel in the backyard
This is scary…
Raw Meat, Red Meat, Fresh Meat, Dead Meat
we dont have much time until the barrier breaks.
I walked into an abandoned laundromat. When I tried to use the dryer, a corpse popped out.
Burger King Drive Thru
I dont go to sleep but I keep waking up
The Day Halloween Was Cut Short (Based on the EAS Scenario “The Ultimate Halloween)
My Old House
I will never be the same again after being in Ryker Asyl Prison....
WAS I NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR HIM...??
Please don't report that picture.
Hey everyone this is the first story I've written its titled "The Rot" please let me know what you think!
I dreamt something, that shouldn't be possible to dream
Scrap Car Removal Melbourne, Car Removal Melbourne , cash for cars Melbourne, Car Wreckers Melbourne
House Hopper
MESSAGE RECEIVED
Mommy
Don't look it in in the eyes.
"They're looking for you."
Will You Remember Me?
The Houston Files: Hoax or fact VIII
I'm a hotel manager and weird things are happening. (Part 2)
Don't Go to the Gas Station
I Work the Night Audit Shift at a Hotel and my recent shifts are getting weirder and weirder.
Soup of the Day
The Man in Blue
My Job Is Turning Me Crazy (Part 2)
I met with someone awhile ago about him
Offer
The Crack in the Floor
I used to walk the Earth offering eternal happiness. It was a mistake. (Part 2)
I Kill Evil that the Government Does Not Want You to Know About-Memoirs of an Army Ranger-Part 5- Hell
Scuttler
I didn't believe the pigman was real, then he claimed another victim.
The Pillars
Looking for an old post RE: skinwalker
The local children think I'm a witch
I work at a Mental Hospital. Strange things have been happening (PART ONE)
Something Grim in the Orchard (NSFW)
It’s not the dead you should fear...
Immortals don't fear death, but life sure does scare the hell out of us.
Operation Atlantis and the Diary of Sergei Zharkov. Part 1.
The Peeking Man
All of my Former Students are Committing Suicide
I'm here, laying my grandfathers ashes to rest
We were attacked on our school trip
I was gonna post this on a relationship advice r instead but here seemed better suited
Purple Figures Ripped Me From My Body
Bobby's Arcade
I Like Taking Long Walks Down My Neighborhood Street
The Man In My Dad's Garage
Ever wondered who first wrote the rule lists.
God gave me love and i threw it away. All because of my crazy insecurities.
I've been to THE dimension.
I received weird message from a supposed dead friend
I brutally burned my sister to death at the age of eight. Years later, the body count is steadily rising and my precious self-control is slipping away a little more with the passing of each day...
Forneus
The Gondolier
You really can let yourself go in china
The Smiler
I'm a Contestant on a Survival Game Show, and The Host is Trying to Kill Us
I swear on my life
Me and my wife saw something weird
My daughter had a stalker
Jokingly, fearful and angered Oliversen told me...
The Notes I Found In A Basement
Love in the Time of Corona
Two Days
It has been twelve hours, and I need answers.
Shed - A retelling of my apartment's urban legend
you have no evidence that i’m not immortal
The Backrooms are real. My girlfriend was trapped there.
A trip to ancient memories
I was awoken by my child, late at night. The words he said made my blood run cold.
The DeVries Killings
My experiences solo hiking in central Michigan, a man walked out from the depths of pike lake
Shadows
Once upon a time there was a poop skeleton
I Hate My New Apartment (Part 2)
There's something standing on two legs outside our tent. And it's NOT HUMAN.
It was Halloween Night...
Memoirs of A Dead Man
Why I Don’t Like Beaches
My Mum's Gone Crazy.
I’ve been working at a strange daycare for a while (Part 2)
"Don't Run Away!!!"
I don't think I'm human, am I in the right world? 1/2
dream dream dream.exe
Best writers - new book and podcast
Purple Hearts
The red bulbs aren't hollow.
𝙄 𝙛𝙤𝙪𝙣𝙙 𝙩𝙤𝙢𝙤𝙧𝙧𝙤𝙬’𝙨 𝙣𝙚𝙬𝙨𝙥𝙖𝙥𝙚𝙧 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙣𝙤𝙬 𝙄’𝙢 𝙨𝙘𝙖𝙧𝙚𝙙 𝙛𝙤𝙧 𝙢𝙮 𝙡𝙞𝙛𝙚. ~Part 1~
Jötunheimr (Pt.2)
I'm trapped in my school at 1 am
My Job is to Guide Others to the Afterlife
yo
I'm Dorming In An Old House, I Think Something Lives Here With Us
Grace Highschool Is Not Ok (Pt. 1)
Where to turn?
There's Something in My Lungs
Their eyes
I think my dreams are leaking into reality.
An old woman's secret
(Non-Fic) Unexplainable events vacationing in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Georgia.
Our Mother of the Asphyxiation (Or, I was camping during forest fire season when I found a burned-out mystery town crawling with giant corpse-hunting mole-rats) (PART ONE OF TWO)
‘Ride y0ur b0yfriend like a h0rse’
Silver Bullet
I moved into my new house...and discovered a strange diary
My only friend is a demon.
The Black Sludge
The Beginning.
Hack &amp; Crash (It's my first NoSleep story, yall!)
Consumer cycle.
She Wont Stop Moaning!
The tale of a trench. PT1
There are truly horrifying things being worked on in remote places, this is what I saw
I stumbled upon a town that's stuck in the 1940s. The monster zoo is a sight to behold.
The anomaly named Anna Marie
Killing Innocents
I think one of my students is planning something horrible
My girlfriend was not my girlfriend, and now we have a plan
God
I’m going to die
I Witnessed the Birth of Something Unholy
My time at the House on Rose Street (Part 1)
Creepy Candle
The Hide of a Skinwalker
Lemonade
The Windigo Graveyard
The Date (The Carnival Series Part 1)
Remember to say hello when you enter and bye when you leave and do not do a bad job
I am a serial Killer and noby knows who I am.
A story from my childhood I still cant explain
Mimic (Part 1)
We Met Four, There Were Supposed To Be Three.
Dad's always watching
Black Coffee
My Unusual Drunken Experience
My new therapist is pretty intriguing
Often I feel like I've been to war and had to come back to live as a civilian, but I'm always looking for that next death trap. Always agitated. Always on edge.
My sister was hospitalized, and her texts are highly disturbing
When you learn that your life will never be normal, or How I Got My Ghost Knife.
Hello r/JustSalt. I Stopped Hunting Down Monsters but I may have to Start Doing it Again
Sheila (short horror story)
Shit's gonna hit the fan in nine days
I wish I never saw what my future had in store for me.
Tales From A Lonely Motel 4
Don't try to cheat sleep paralysis..
My Roommate Says That He's a Demon and I Don't Think He's Joking (pt 6).
Is she dead?
Looking for a particular story
I'm on a flight to see my grandmother. Something very disturbing is happening to me.
.why
“…the wall is made of teeth.”
The Hive
When he calls (Part 2)
A Witch Lived Here
Under the Floor
There is a Desk in my Backyard
The Pond (Part 1)
Third Eye ...Open!!Nine Maids a Milking
When there's an ashfall, lock all your doors and windows (Part 2)
My father built robots in the 80s
My world was shattered by something unexplainable, now it's just a part of my life.
The Waiting Room
Follow up to my last post
Stay out of the Basement
I was selected for a top-secret program. I wish I hadn't been.
I took a job in an abattoir. Now I have blood on my hands. But I don't quite know what kind of blood it is.
I think I’m a demon, and my cats are, too (part one)
A Series Of Videos FollowupA series of videos followup
Joy ride
A Call For Help
Mr. Whitemouth
Calling Me Crazy
I Just Needed a Job
There is something in the Mirror you don't know about.
I Won't Eat Kids
Midnight Man question
I'm stuck in a forgotten past - please send help
I Found an Old Audio Recording from my Grandfather
My son(3y) woke up out of a dead sleep to tell me that there was a monster at the foot of our bed.
If the lights go out at the grocery store late at night, get out before the locks disappear. If they do, it's too late. (Update #2)
I’m a child psychiatrist, some of my interviews with children are truly terrifying-Tape 1
Someting Ooky Spooky...(Part 1)
A Puppet
My "Devil in the Diner" Experience
That time I broke my arm
I Found a Deformed Unicorn in the Sewers
Tale From A Gravedigger (Part 3)
Post History
The Janitor
The Roommate
My Terrifying Dream
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 2.
Guy from Restaurant
I Got a Strange Phone Call, and Now I’m In a Different Reality.
How I became a god
Something large has me trapped in my shed
I've been signed up for the weirdest camp in the world
Them
Hanging Children on Sweet Hollow Rd, LI.
Something Extra, Something Dead
The sun is out, But it's still dark. PT.2
I'm just another monster
I Was Supposed To Be A Vessel
The Day I Met God
Have Any Other Customer Service Workers Met This Woman?
Exotic yet Normal #1: a Cat with Dreams (part 1)
Interviewing a Senior Park Ranger from Darkfall National Park
The man who lived under the ground
I started going to a new school, but something is terribly off about it – My first day
I spoke Latin in my sleep and I don’t speak Latin
Tisk Tisk Tisk
Bizzare things have been happening to me throughout my life (part 4)
I finally found a teaching job, but the school I'm teaching at has some very strange rules...
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town
Winter Storm Ambience with Icy Howling Wind Sounds for Sleeping, Relaxing and Studying Background.
Giant Mouths
I went to hell and I’ll be back there soon
His house is Haunted
The Minotaur's Labyrinth (Part 2)
The Living Painting
Failed Vaccine
ATTENTION, ATTENTION, LOCKDOWN
um chile anyways so
Prayer Bones
I stayed at the Red Emblem Hotel and lived to tell about it... sort of
My mother finally told me how my grandma was cursed
Don’t ever steal from the mob – Final
The Man Behind Death
Sleep Abduction
The day the world went silent (Trigger warning)
Sugar Freak
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part 1 and part 2)
I
I'm a 'blind' gatekeeper of a historic landmark. (Part 1)
Scary journal found on bus
those aren’t my eyes
I never go near forests at night. This is why
Covid-19 driving me insane (Extremely bored!!!!!)
The light.
How to Survive Camping: what was done to Louisa's parents
Do American's really believe themselves?
I found a journal at a flea market in North Carolina. If you find a roadside bar in Appalachia at night, don't stop driving
I Work At The Void Bar
The Hound Walks in Dreams
I think I moved to the wrong area....part 5
Looking for some advice about my boyfriend. Can anyone help?
My boss was hired by Paul Rudd
Appetizer
Help. My family is getting replaced.
The pyramid in my backyard is almost complete
My Diabolical Self | Part 6: Fifty Thousand
coffee and gin
Me being haunted by the same ghost boi in 4 stories.
A job offer to good to be true
I'm aboard humanities first intergalactic voyage
Samantha loved selling houses. But not this one.
The Figure In My Mind, My Sweet Angel
I can tell someone's past and future just by looking at them. One day, I saw someone who had no history at all.
The Burned Photo
My mom sent me some old home videos for my birthday. I don't think I'll ever get my life back.
A quiet neighborhood
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong : The Plan
Kisaragi Stationきさらぎ駅
I know who you are
A VHS tape was left on my doorstep
What You Don't Usually Hear About the African Bushveld
I am pregnant and my baby is eating me up from the inside - Part 3: Not with a bang but with a whimper
Unexpected Guest.
The Blacknickel Guide to Famous Landmarks: The Thing on the Greenwich Steps (Part One)
I'm in need of desperate help...
I think my friend is a time traveler.
DONT OPEN THIS!!
I was recruited to work on an A.I, it knew more than we programmed it to.
The basement playground (part 3)
I went to a catholic boarding school. Would you leave Satan alone if he answered all your questions?
SuperMarket Memoirs 9: 31 Flavors
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Edie is horrified of stairs.
phase 1
Welcome To Maryland High.
Can’t sleep
I don’t care what you say, you’re not my wife.
The knocking.
A Face in the Trees
I was on the first ship going to colonize Mars, now there's an Alien on board
The Sound You Shouldn't Hear
No one remembers my brother, except me.
I was afraid of the dark, now I know the real reason why. (Based on fears)
Just a dream (this is a story,this has nothing to do with real dreams or whatever don’t remove it)
There are creatures in my dreams
The Scholarship
I'm A New Health Inspector
I found an audio recorder in the woods
Something keeps knocking at my door
CROSSROADS DEMON DEALS | SELLING YOUR SOUL
If you’re driving in the countryside and notice something out of the ordinary, ignore it
A Beautiful New Cycle
I hate niggers and chinks
I found an old game at a yard sale. When I played it, the the city's power went off.
The day I was found (Part 2)
A Petition to Re-establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories- III
James Journal
The Darkside
My House Has Never Had Mirrors, Today I Found Out Why.
My best friend is dead, but she won’t leave me alone.
Disoriented
My mother married a man who came with a list of rules to follow.
My lifeguard life seems a little dull, so I find the perfect guy who thinks I'm worth dying for.
I've had paranormal experiences my entire life
A Place Called Apple
I just heard someone talking through my phone
The night I couldn't sleep
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I'm dead. (Part 6)
I work at a specialist hospital for insomniacs, they aren’t what you think they are.
I find strange things in the homes of the deceased
I fear to fall asleep again
Jannety is a drunk who won't stop dying...
After Hours Vet Receptionist: The Falling Out of Open Minds
A Private Number (part three)
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a nightmare. Session 2 - Stanley.
If you see a man wearing a coat during warm weather, facepalm repeatedly until he goes away
My Great-Grandfather Found Something in the Arctic
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
The eyes did it.
I got a job patrolling a forest that paid £1000 a night. It was not worth a penny. (Part 1)
PassPassive income
The answer to the question of existance
Billy's Lane
Casualties of War
I adopted a parrot that screams in the voices of strangers.
Please just tell Lisa I’m dead!
The Unauthorized Biographies of Extraordinary People: Fetch
Ten years ago I killed myself. The Devil gave me a second chance at life. (Part 4)
Where there's smoke there's not always fire
I have seen history repeat itself (or ‘the set up’)
The phonerotica pedo
The tall people of craig ranch
Blood On Set
4697635699 for scary stories
I went camping and what happened scarred me for the rest of my life part 2
Baby Steps
In the attic.
The dead despise how close we've come to the heavens
My Professor, Michelle
That which kills me, makes me stronger.
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig.  "The Curse"
I dream the future.
I've Just Moved into a New Apartment and My Toilet is Bleeding
A Simple Experiment Showed Us the Twisted Nature of Reality
I think I stumbled upon a human trafficking location
I live in a town called Beaver Falls. Tonight we went into the forest and witnessed something horrible
Help! The same person keeps standing outside my door every Halloween night. He won't go away.
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Say it louder for the people in the back!
A classic song plays from floor below
My dad will do anything to win. And I mean anything.
Something still stalks me till this day.
Seriously Just Avoid Dark Forests
I thought my shower was just broken, now im not too sure
Don't listen to witch house. It's how they find you.
Open Cat
Harvesting Grounds
The 10th floor
Harsh times
Weird running noises at around 3 am
I talked to a man who claimed to kill. (true story)
The Dhampir
The Camera in the Attic
My Grandmother's experience with The Suffering Part 3
The Minster Bells Weep - My Law firm have given me a list of rules
Mini Ladd
Apotemnophilia
The Tap at the Window
My Employer is Dead
I cooked my Grammie for Thanksgiving
Just Four and a Half Minutes at an Intersection
serial maniac
My Girlfriend Visited me After Work, You won't Believe What Happens Next | Screepy Series
I Work at a Manufacturing Company: Plating
I went back to the movie theater that caused my brother's disappearance years ago.
My Imaginary Pizza Delivery Man
Theres a man on my property (Part 1)
I Make Italian Food For What I Suspect Is A Demon (Part One)
I was rear ended by a murderer, now life wants me take his place
I have no idea what to call this.
A month ago I didn't believe in ghosts and tonight I'm bringing in paranormal investigators.
A missing kid a week before Christmas
The Clawed Man
Barbie and Ken, a story of devotion
Happy Halloween!
The Other Side
Why does my TV keep turning on at night?
The Intricacies of Care
If you see a vacuum by apple don't buy it...
There’s Something Strange with Downcoal Town
Noitalumis
I Live Next to Hell
The masons burned my uncles apartment down.
I need help falling asleep
I found a potential snuff film on my Amazon Firestick app
The Graveyard Guard
I know why 95% of the ocean remains unexplored
Life is a sim̸̨͚̫̮̫̞͍̖̋̅̾̉̋̇͑̔͠͠ͅu̵͇͎͙͍̱̹͇̿̏-life is great!
My Tinder Date is from Hell (PART 2)
THE TRUMPETS OF THE APOCALYPSE
Haunted Smoke Spot
New narrator looking for stories
I'm a government expariment on the run, please help me
The lone entityThe Printer
Nihil.
The night I met death
I swore to never talk about that night again. Today, I break that rule. Please, I'm begging you. Help me.
Deicide pt. 1
The Beauty of Water
I am Dr. Jason Moore chief biologist of a expedition to identify a phenomenon in the Amazon Rainforest, here is the first report of my personal recount of the events before and after I concluded my research.
Niagara Ice Wine
Fallen on Deaf Ears
The Job of a Lifetime.
I know when something is a lie. I wish I didn’t.
Pinch me, I’m dreaming
This Elevator Does Not Go Up
There’s a parasite in me
Bloody Mary Blinded Me
I've Been Living Inside My Ex-Boyfriend's Body for Five Years
A Exiled's Diary, or COVID 19 Quarantine
NoSleep Must Be Shut Down
Stories From My Time in a Cult pt. 2
Minami-Iwo Island That Year…
My Sister’s KeeperThe Funhouse Experiment Final
A Picture is Worth...
Reading my father's journals led me to become possessed by unhearable words, but I met a mad genius who might be able to help (Part 5)
The End Of The World Isn’t Just A Metaphor Anymore.
My wife died, i think she really didn't
Every Family in Town Has a Curse - Part Two
Batesian Mimicry
I like bananas
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - SixMy students want me dead (Part 1)
My grandmother just passed
Journal entry from my daughter.
There was a random School Shooter, he knew me.
The 5th pair of footprints
The tree on Hiverhill pt.1
I Learned the Truth About the Eden Retreat Sweat Lodge
I'm a criminal profiler, but I can't explain my wife's mysterious disappearance from Fever Cabin
The Power of a Name
I know how to leave this place, I just need to make it in time
Username Ceris
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Seven Hundred in Blood
A campfire tale.
The house I woke up in wasn't a house at all.
Lights below Everfall #2
:
The knocks at three
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 16)
When they hurt me
I'm scared, help.
Nobody Left
He Won't Stop Smiling
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Update Part Two.
There is no explanation; my family vanished over night.
Guardian Angel or demon
The forsaken archaeological site (Long)
Nobody believes me when I tell them that’s not my real wife.
My Diabolical Self • Part 11: Lermont
Sexting gone wrong
I don't know if my little sister is okay.
I Found a Snuff Film on my Husband's Computer
I Want To Kill Myself. My Friends Tell Me I Should.
Documents Found Near the Crash Site of Bus 9
Childhood
I Investigate Disturbing Cases: Here Are My Stories - Watchers
I wake up and it’s 6am
The Black WolfSomebody wants to kill me but he didn’t
The Result of a Severed Wolf Leg
Serving in the US Army *PART 2.5*
I Found the Humming
How Did I Not Hear Him?
I disagree with this rule: The inclusion of horrible events does not necessarily make a story horror.
I'm a FBI agent working a case in San Francisco. I've never seen anything like this in my 30 years in the bureau. What's the Rite of Fish and Water? (Part 2)
My school is hunted, or something....
Ice CreamI think I met the Devil while working the night shift.
A string of suicides have been happening in my town, I don’t think they are suicides...
We redesign dolls.
Looking For Video I Saw Back In 2012
A year and a half ago, something happened in the underground metro that I'll never forget.
My New Medication Changed Me. (P1)
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (part 4)
Mansion of Grief
Paranormal bullshit?
Smurfbin Discovered and Declassified.
I got a New Job... But it's Not What I Was Expecting
Lock your doors and stay quiet, you can only hear them in whispers.
My dad's perfect recipe.
The Red man is real: The Burning Woman (Part 2)
The strange flat mate
my new neighbors are in danger pt. 2
In times of crisis, has anyone out there ever encountered the one known as The Dealer?
Weird Camp Found Beneath an Abandoned Railway Bridge - Miles from the Nearest House
It's your birthday
Why Ghosts Induces Fear?
8 years ago my elementary school had a lockdown drill... no one came out the same.
Coronavirus
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 10)(Final)
Pass It On
Cyberspace is Hell. And I've truly been to Hell and back. (Part 1)
my house rules
I can’t stop wearing his hoodie.
When I was walking home from school, my shadow tried to murder me.
Something terrible happened to me at 3 AM
This may Not to be interesting but I’ll do it
I found a journal entry written by my recently deceased Schizophrenic patient
Now I know why they say never go to sleep at 3:30am
The new girl
Im a reaper, and for the first time, someone really cheated death
There’s a first for everything
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I have heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one that will always haunt me.
I found a dead deer in the woods while hiking
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 8)
Buried Memories
A Superhero has enslaved my town.
The Blurry man of Belfast
Always trust that hair standing feeling
I don't think someone was trying to break into my house
The Light Returns
There were people following me,but now they are the least of my concerns
Belle Bosque (Part II, added updates since it was too short before)
Scary Facts PT. 1
My Horrifying Experience as a Real Estate Investor
Spooky
Ballpit Shark
The one dream i needed to be true
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 4: Where a Body Can Hide
BuzzingPlease stop killing spiders.
There's a Vtuber on the Dark Web
Found this letter at the dump. Ends kind of randomly. Think I should burn it, but something is holding me back. Typed it up to share.
I thought I finally had my own room. Instead, I shared it with a man who wouldn't stop opening my window.
The amalgamation
I bought a second-hand chair and now my daughter is missing.
Waking up
Grandpa's Scrapbook
I am Doctor Horsemaker. I am not a real doctor. I just make horses.
I'm still stuck in this jungle, another one of my friends is dead, and a new friend revealed a secret I really wish I didn't know.
My new step-father-in-law
floating stuff in my house
I've been listening in through Siri and I joined a cult
The devil is here. The devil walks among us.
An Impious Reunion
I’m an actor in REDACTED and the REDACTED network have killed my castmates.
Daisy
My friend swears I read minds
He will find youI Can't Sleep
What was behind Old Man Richardson
There's a Dark Poltergeist in Our Home That has Taken Over my Wife and I think I'm Next...
My girlfriend’s boyfriend died and I thought we’d be happy.Professional Asphalt Paving Contractor
I Have Seen What Lies at the Bottom of the Ocean, They're Getting Restless
I moved into an old farm house and something is seriously wrong
room 311
Revenge of the AfterLife
Stack Shifters
The ouija board part 1
winter’s calling
Brazilian sand dunes can stink horribly
From the desk of Admiral Smithers
There’s something wrong with my photographs
The Dolls
Sleep Journal
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again.
Nosleep book.
I saw something outside one night that almost killed me. (part 1)
My cousin is starting to scare me
The darkness part:3 warehouse door
A Real Life Story That Still Scares Me To This Day
The Agency Wants To Take My Adoptive Daughter Back
My name is Rizzo, and I work in the post apocalypse. "Leaping vampirism" left me chilled to the bone.
A Man of Myth and Legend
The Closet Underneath The Stairs
The Drive Home
A Dive Into Turmoil
I am a firefighter. I see future tragedy’s in the flames.
The Cowboy In The Flesh
I work for child protective services, but this family never had any children.
I'm a police officer and this is the strangest case I've ever worked
A little warning from a succubus
How To Get Rid Of A Guest/ The Staircase Ritual (2)
I gotta Free laptop but didn’t know
Standstill
I think there's someone following me
A gift for the human species
So, I work the overnight shift in a parking kiosk, and last night I found these pages... And I'm having a hard time not thinking about them. (Part 2)
Behind the Curtain
I went zombie hunting with a pacifist.Shawdow creatures of Calgary pt1
A Lady in White Pt.1
Visions
I think I'm all alone
A visit from my Grandmother
I found a secret room in a McDonalds, I'm still recovering to this day.
I’m being followed part 1 ans 2
My name is Mary-Alice and I am part of the elite
How I helped solve my imaginary friend's murder (Part 3)
I don't think my Grandfather was from here - PART 1
Lister: Aunt Liptrot's house
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, The Lord of Wrath has come to drown the World in blood
the one at night
I'm stuck inside my room, thinking on what I should do
Don't Let Him Know
These broken shards showed me my soulmate. Or so I thought.
This is watch no read
The thing in the window
Stranger in the distance
I own an antique store and has created a list of rules that my employees must follow
The Vulture's Stare
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Second Level
It may not be as scary to you but it still creeps me out (true story)
The Child of Death &amp; Fallen Roses. -Age7
My lucky boy
Truck stop killer
I Have an Angel's Heart
My Brother saw Sonething In my Aunties Kitchen
Never meet your opposite
(It wasn’t us) part 1
Rats, I got called into work on a Saturday for an emergency - clocking out
I'm The Closest thing to a Sheriff in Alaska, I got a report of a Missing person.
I’m a trucker, and I just found a channel on the CB radio that I think was meant to stay hidden. (Part 2)
I am the voice in your walls, quietly whispering but forever elusive
Don't go there
I can’t get out.
I Can See You Inside of It
An Introduction to Paranormal Biology
Make Sure You Read Your HOA's Rules and Regulations Before You Sign Anything
Scariest Night of my life
When He Awoke on the Stairs (Prologue)
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Vitam Aeternam (part 9)
Someone Has Been Sleeping in My Bed
The Howls of a Blind Wendigo
I don't know how I got here or what's happening to Reality
Some people I’ll never understand
The Courtrooms of Inferno
A Rare Type of Intelligence
Kelpie Encounter
just a question on if i should write about something here
The monster in my friend's closet is real and it's coming for me next.
Spiral into Empyrean
My friend lives in the mountains and I think I know what he stumbled onto
My mistake cost the lives of others
I had a cat "stalker"
The Unbuilt One
This isn't a joke, I think I met the devil.
SCP-087-1 Is In My House
My First Friend
In the Church Yard on Christmas Eve
Poltergeist?
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 7
The Photos in the Woods
I Decided to Take a Summer Job with a Friend as Security at a Carnival - There's a Special Ticket for The Wicked.
Weird creature I came across.
I went hunting with my Friends. Now I'm on the run.
I have been cursed to live in the shadows. Today I started develloping symptoms.
The Letters
I think I’m cursed. HELP
My friends and I frequented a 'magic movie theatre' as children.
Listener Submitted Stories
My Final Day In The Bayou (Part 2)
Theres a hole in my living room and there's something inside it
Incident Report: 1931, Ongoing – The Chimneys
Seeing things
Im Not Crazy
A message for a stranger
Hey, it's a living... while it lasts
Waterfall Dream - What was the most vivid and unexplainable dream/nightmare you’ve ever had?
A weird story I was told as a child
What Timothy brought home from school.
I think my bus driver is trying to kill me
I'm a manger for an archipelago resort and we have a disturbing list of rules to follow
Every person has his dark spots covered with spider webs, and I have too much
My father left me a box of VHS tapes when he died. Each one shows a different apocalypse and ours may be next.
Behind Closed Curtains
How to fall asleep on Christmas Eve?
No one believes my right leg exists
Writers block
I need helpI need help
She went with the creatures who lived in the shadows.
Buzz Pills
Every night a different Orange Julius employee tucks me into bed and I don’t know why (Part 1)
True Memories: Night Terror or Paranormal?
The Lights
Justice is Dead
I was playing hide and seek with my sister. I no longer believe I'm in this dimension.
Kitesurfing Lesson in the Caribbean: Our Crew is GETTING MARRIED!!!
Shower Concert
There’s Someone In That Hole In The Ground
Scariest experiences you had ?
I walked into the door of my next inevitable victim...
DECEASED DAUGHTER— 1st
The Bloody Man
He's feeding the ducks again.
The Thing an 8 page story.
The Cherokee shawmen that needed me dead
Somethings wrong with my town but I'm the only one who sees it
Book on women empowerment
I did warn him.
Of My Eyes
What the Ouija Board revealed about my missing friend
The thing that isn't there.
Is something in my attic?
I work in a Pawn Shop edit- The thing in the woods isn't me
Welcome to your new home! Here's a few tips and guidelines to help you enjoy it for what it is.
I was kidnapped in a van.
God is dying
The Sally Room
I’m quarantined inside a locked down tower. But what people have in here isn’t COVID-19. We call them, mouthborn...
How to Survive Camping - when it rains
I've Been Kidnapped By Death (Part 2)
I’m in need to find theses stories!!! Such good stories
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?- Episode 4
My School's Boys' Locker Room had a Secret Window to the Girls' Side
As a freelance convention planner, I've stayed at many hotels over the years. One in particular still haunts me
I think I just killed a clone of me. I really hope it was a clone.
Biel
The Gang
True story about the hooded graveyard.
100 days after laser eye surgery
A Mind of a Mad Being
drunk guy
The Tape (Part Three)
Anyone else ever found small piles of sand in front of their doors?
Seven Years Ago I Made A Bargain With a Demon; One Murder Down, Five to Go
Opal Hill- Part 1
I could be from an Alternate Reality.
I'm running out of time, but there's something you need to know - before you forget me.
He Couldn't Resist
T-posing man
Kardashev 5
The tale of a Trench.
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 5)
A Flower’s Scent
Cry baby
My eccentric neighbor was a Collector of unique arts...
My Parents Never Wanted Me
Weird ghost like figure seen in car commercial. *UNEXPLAINED*
I like hearing the raindrops on my window.
Something is wrong with my sister
The Exit Corridor
My Father Owned An Amusement Park
The Grocery Store Where I Live Recently Became Open For 24 Hours.
I work at a psychiatric rehab and something strange is happening
Aliens are the best at playing dress up
Small Stories From Smaltowne, Q.S.A.
Black Coffee.
Don't Come to the Midwest (part 3)
The Witch Coffin
The Dog Eater remake
The world ended. This is the story of my final journey
A journal of tragic tales. Part two.
Nalusa Falaya (Part 1)
Never Look At Yourself In The Mirror at 9:30 PM
Friend Request
I used to watch a show called "Let's talk about Mr. Clock"
DAE remember being a kid in the car with their parents and imagining something was sprinting along the road beside you?
I’m going to die tonight. (Part 1)
"He would've left if someone asked him to"
I am not sure if I am a crazy old man getting carried away, or if I really need your help Part 2
Return to Sender
I'm Fixing Up My Parent's Old House. Some Memories Are Best Left Forgotten.
A Canadian Tale ch3
The blog of mount Hamiltons point: entry 2: the man with golden eyes.
The Penance of Captain Silas Jacobson
I'm a Voyeur. Sometimes you can't fight back.
One of my Alzheimer’s patients said something that shook me
What I found that lies in the center of the Earth is terrifying
Just another story for the nosleep mods
I have been trapped here for too long
“Hello, Friend”
Journal
Why does everyone hate me?
I have a friend
James went digging
the curse of womanhood (part two)
Area 52 raid warning
The Gluttons
This is not a healing pool. Dashing hopes and dreams, in a single-engine Cessna
Not Many
Kizmit
Haunted buildings had the best scrap metal. And a lot of people wanted it to stay there. (Part 4)
I'm stuck in a prison. I have to follow the rules to live.
crazy guy checks horror storys
My grandma used to tell me scary stories when I was little. There’s one I only just remembered. Final part.
On a stretch of road in my town, 4 pedestrians have been hit and killed in the last 18 months. The drivers all say they saw nothing.
I checked into an odd hotel with a weird set of rules.
The Trailer Across the Street (2)
Family Feud
Im a time traveler and I have some stories to tell.
The infection.
My little sister had glass bones
The day the world went silent (trigger warning)
I should have never moved into this house
True Creepy Happenings
Why is it so difficult to fall asleep in a new house.
My sister only eats worms, I'm starting to notice some differences
This Is My Scariest 911 Call. And It Happened During Training.
I was recruited for 's first Mars mission, until...
The Long Arms Game
The Joy of Painting S13E13A: “Dark Mountain At Midnight”
The stairs
The forgotten murder at West Covina High
My teacher saw something in the halls
i think somethings wrong with me, please help
I Work in a Very Unusual Pet Store. Some Customers are More Difficult than Others.
The Day the power runs out
Are You Ever Truly Safe At Home?
Hello my name is Theo i need help
Chuck-E-Cheese Fun House
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like a human? (Pt. III)
ISS CAPTAIN’S LOG 4/12/2022
August 2019 Voting Thread
Never allow yourself to get too bored. (part 1)
I accidentally killed my entire town on my birthday and I don't regret it, I think?
Everything Changed
Closer
I believe my parents are hiding something.
The Door Bell Rang
Osama Bin Laden Made My Cousin An Alcoholic
I received strange instructions from a Nintendo game counselor as a kid...
True friends stab you in the front
SuperMarket Memoirs 7: Coffee And Donuts
I'm not a human, I'm a soul eater. {part 1}
The Harsh Gurgle of It
I don't have much time, but you need to know what's out there. There's no such thing as empty space. And now I think they know we're aware. God damnit this doesn't make any sense.
An Unexpected Job Proposal
My life, for theirs.
Does anyone remember the game Souls of the Ninth Circle?
B
The Women I saw In my sister's room (In Hawaii)
My 'Elf on the Shelf' needs ME to save Christmas
Loud House Lost Episode "Luan's Gone Insane"
Watching me while I sleep
Don't Wear Red in the Appalachian Woods
someone is watching me and i don't think i have time left
I will only ever dance in my Luchesse's
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 11
My Dearest Cindy, please forgive me.
There is a red door in my basement Something has escaped
The Shifts
The woods are alive.
AI Dungeon's AI.
That one time I met a cracked out guy inside an abandoned middle school
Having my fortune told released something dangerous
If I Was Beautiful Nothing Could Break Me Down
The Midnight Game
So, I just tripped
My body is acting strange
There is something wrong with Wells Hill
My girlfriend spoiled an anime ending for me so....I killed her.
The Nightmare
The Cycle Begins Once More.
They left the gate open, what did they expect?
Siren song
A Visit from Mr. Spike.
I need audio editing advice
If the sky goes dark in the middle of the day, hide! (Part 3)
My husband swears they are just hallucinations
The Dream Room (Part One)
The Gulag - Part One
Time to Feast
recreating my dreams is the most fulfilling thing i've ever done (part 2)
Six years ago I saw something that I still can't get out of my head. Read at your own risk
The Trick To Acting
Sirenhead is my fault and its worse than you could have ever thought.
I think I’ve been sent into a mirrored world
ROT
The Necklace
I'm still trapped in the house!
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum”
Beneath
I solved my brother’s disappearance
Based on true events.
The voices in my head tell me to kill myself.
Happy Tom
Compendium of Nightmares: Volume Three - Rana Faucium
The second my husband came home....
I found this diary under a plank, in my bedroom... Part 3
Have you ever played Duck, Duck Death?
My Mother Recently Died. Now I Keep Seeing Her Face In The Mirror Instead Of Mine. I Think I‘m Slowly Going Insane.
I'm Not Sure if I'm Ever Going to Make It Down From This Mountain
"That Room"
My Wife Is Eating Me Alive
A Spider Took My Wife And Kids, I'm Gonna Fucking Kill Him
Anyone else know about the Aldermanx?
What is it?
Sometimes I work as a psych sitter (5150s)...
You have to deal with some strange stuff when you live further out. Like zombies.
V̴̬̪̼͔̟͂̋̾͊̑͂͋̑̚͝i̸̠̗̯̣̠͚͒͋̍͋́r̸̪̋͐̋̀ǔ̴͔̈́͗͘̚s̵̻̲͓̹͖̗̘͈͇͍̃͝
Uninvited Guest
My Room
"Hola, Tipo."
I began as a teratoma tumor, and now I'm a human. Well, I think I am.
my room is always messy?
Doll
Cedarville General Is Definitely Not a Normal Hospital
I fell into a mass grave. It was even worse than it sounds.
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 4The Woman Next Door
I Witnessed the Death of an Angel- Part 1
The threat that wiped the humanity
Why I Hate Pulling Fireguard: An Army Story
My Addiction
The cult ~ The Keeper
I started to work as a Security guard On a Mechanical Factory And There are some Strange Rules I have to follow
I’m from the future. Please, don’t go to Mars.
Homunculus
My doctor put something awful inside of me. I don’t know what to do.
Never make deals with the ocean men
It was me.
Stories from a line cook. I went nowhere.
The woods in my town are gated. And for a reason...
I’m a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you. Final update.
The Door
I found a strange file called “I think my face is changing but no one else seems to notice”
I bought a house and the previous owner gave me odd rules.
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (part 4)
Help. I Can’t Tell If I am Watching a Movie.
Is something here with me?
Ways to die during an apocalypse (Part 2)
Area 51 is Under Attack
How to Survive Camping: I threw the dancers a party
I accepted this offer to become a babysitter for this family in a secluded town, and I’m starting to regret it
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 4)
Transcription of Evidence for Case #5087
Everyone in my Town Sleeps During The Day
HE WAS LIVING INSIDE MY HOUSE
Welcome to Charlie’s: Your Local Family Department Store. Cashiers &amp; Professional Wendigo Hunter Wanted.
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me
I think my company is packaging people. Part 2
I inherited an old psychiatric hospital from my grandfather.
I don't try on clothing anymore
My Karma Points Hit 666 on Reddit and Mephistopheles Appeared to Grant Me a WishI never believed in ghosts until last night...
Divine Intervention (Part 2)
Route 27
The Dyatlov Conspiracy
DO YOU REMEMBER THE WHITE ROOMS WITH RED CARPET???
the goddamn internet is ruining our kids.
A distant relative left me their house. I received a strange letter outlining a set of rules I had to follow and the most important one was, under no circumstances do I open the red door. (Part 1)
The Loft
Have you ever spotted a building, a tree or even a drain cover and thought 'I swear that wasn’t there before'? The thing you thought wasn't there before? It wasn't.
Some people may say my wife is crazy, but I'd do anything for her
Can't sleep soundly because of him
Don’t eat the Oreo’s
Trick or Teeth
Smile for the camera Pt.1
There was black goo where my friend should have been.
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus
Short story in the works
Whatever you do, DONT TALK TO THE MAN THAT HAS NO EYES.
The Graveyard Lake
A Little Girl Is Always Calling My Name When I'm Sick
They say Nothing Grows in The Snags
Engaged to a Monster
I Had a Terrible Nightmare, and Now I think I’m Missing Memories.
The truth will put me back in a mental hospital, but I need to get this off my chest.
A Painted World
This Thanksgiving I need to run
I am Alive. Please send help.
My Brother Left This Notebook Part 2
Room 1414 - The Orgasmic Keyhole
Final Episode. Binging with Babish.
Road Trip Diner12/01/20
Skydiving at night 'Part 1.1'
I'm a crime scene cleaner, but I don't think I can fix this mess.
Something from my crawl space responded..
I felt it, i didn't see it, don't know what is it.
Soñé con la misma chica 3 veces
Find an episode
Heart
Baku's Bassinet
Something I have to inform you about
Kidnapped
On April 10th, 2013, an intruder watched me sleep. Listen for yourselves.
My Son Killed Me
I Lie for a Living, and My Evil Deeds Have Finally Caught Up to Me
I woke up at witching hour after someone who hated me had died. They have since been making me feel what they felt.
Last September
Still waking up
What I Saw Wasn’t Human.
House of Ghosts
The two tiptoeing shadow men
Karoshi 過労死
I've lived in my room my entire life
St. Gideon's sanatorium {part two}
The unimaginable happened during my first shift as a traffic cop by the sea.
James
I Got Caught In A California Wildfire Yesterday. There Was Something Horrifying Inside Of It.
Graveyard lights
Dahlia
Deep Among Twisted Pines
I Want You To Follow Me, But Please Ignore What's Around You
i don't know how much time i have to type this
Zoinks scoop
FOREST OF DOOM
Authorization Code Everest (Part 1)
Winter in the Woods - Part 1
Song of the Ocean
The Mistake We Fixed
"I've Never Seen Anyone So Frightened." (First Part) I've been handed some stories written by my recently deceased Nan - one of which is really worrying. Hoping NoSleep can help!
I Refused To See The Movie Endgame. My Friend Said He'd Kill Me If I Didn't.
I am a child psychiatrist and there is something very off about the kid I am treating.
Just one
The Ghost In My House
Why I don't go camping anymore.
The Taps on the Window
I want die
Tales From a Small Town: That one "haunted" house
There’s a secret part of the funeral industry that nobody else knows about
blood on the wall
My Eternal Faith (Part 6)
The teacher didn't come to class, so I went to the teacher's lounge. What I saw there scarred me for life.
I found a cursed journal in my new house and I'm not supposed to read it alone (Part 2)
An emergency broadcast I'll never forget
I bought a storage locker at an auction, I'm pretty sure it contains a doorway to Hell.
A scary experience for my cousin
A drunken night at the Blue Room changed my life forever.
I just found out about British "people"
Addicted to VR Part 1
How my brother lost his hearing
Every night I wake up he hears me.
Please Buy A New Doorbell
Mr. Lakavote
I bought a used camera
My dad was a mortician
Frederick - Part 2
Cordero
Lovedale. Home to the criminally insane and I.
When we got to Centralia, things only spiralled downwards, the town was ripped to shreds with almost no survivors...
Accidentally read one sentence of Tomino’s Hell outloud at a sleepover.
You’re Not always alone
Time Went Backwards?
The Screaming Woods
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I fear in the process of digging, I've found my own grave {Part 5, finale}
Scream mask attempted murderer
I hunt nightmares
The Cat In The Hat
The Hat Man - My first experience with sleep paralysis
I met a strange girl wearing a gas mask on the highway. I wish I'd never met her.
The Fiend of Benson Canal (Part 1/3)
There's Something Living Inside My Rib Cage (Part 1)
The ostracism of my brother and the doom that came thereafter
JUST A COMPLETELY NORMAL DAY. NOTHING TO SEE HERE.
All I Smell is Eggs
Have you ever had to 'kill' your daughter?
I haven't figured out the nostalgia killer, but the tenth anniversary of the first murder still haunts me.
There are three ghosts in my home, but there's something wrong with the third one
Do not stay at the supermarket past 10pm
I'm What your scared of (Part 1)
Full-On Pervert In Full-On Pervert Mode!
I created something in my lab - last night I set her free.
It Has Not Stopped Raining
Never sleeping again, screw that.
Shadows in the mirrorLook How Quickly You Forget... Pt. 1
The tracker pinged in Provo Utah
I haven't been a very good witch lately
Johnny Mnemonic and The Slaying of The Wizard
What I Inherited - Finale
Boothworld Industries
It fell asleep two hours ago, but I'm still awake.
Always Disinfect Your Wounds Right Away!
Unexplained Noise
My brother and I have extreme sibling rivalry
Disintegrating
Rimcrest
Colorado Sugar Mill
I'm a FBI agent working a case in San Francisco. I've never seen anything like this in my 30 years in the bureau. (Part 2) The Rite of Fish and Water
Someone breathing down the back of my neck then I woke up?!
It's watching me
I didn’t think it was possible.. help me.
I am in a well.
My name is Christine and I don't have a face.
If you hear a scraping noise outside your window, then you're in serious danger.
I am never going back into the woods again!
The Marine Corps Isn't What It Seems
I'm An Adrenaline Junkie
I went on a date with something inhuman
Case File Letter T3: Terrible Tenuous Treatise
The Cult Tree
I watched one of my brother’s old videos and saw something I can’t unsee...
Sweet dreams are made of these
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. My shift is nearly over (Part 4)
The Dark Dream Room Pt 1
I don't hike anymore.
See Into the Dark (Into the Trees 2)
I saw the execution of myself
The shadows want to play.
Impending Evil
Beware. Breaking the rules may result in death
Living Suzy's Nightmare.
Sorry, Not Sorry (Part 1)
CrypTed Trucks (2)
The Cultleader's Daughter
I work the graveyard security shift at a Chuck E Cheese's.
Don't Play the Hangman Game (Part 3)
Two Sentence Horror Stories -OC-
I moved to a talles trailer out in the country. it is NOT a cult, it's something far worse
My father is the reason you have déjà vu.
It..it was my shadow?
My new house has really strange Home Owners’ Association rules.
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 1
A thought
I'm possessed by a demon, and it's starting to not look so good.
Butterfly Effect - A maple tree, childhood memories and my film ambitions lead me to watching a plane crash. A couple's faith, and a last minute decision, saved them from it
Something is very wrong with my bathtub drain, Part II
If you’re reading this I’m in some hotel like place and scared.... I am typing this quickly so don’t mind mistakes.
The Town Minnesota wants to forget about. Entry 1
There's Room Enough For Two.
I saw my best friend last night. He's been dead for a week.
Something I’d rather forget
The man who didn't believe in God
I am a professional rule breaker.
I’ll never babysit again
A day in my life
The Curse of Wickborough
Exploration Journal: Location 1
The Retreat I Will Never Forget.
Daddy and the Devil
The Creeper (Part One)
last night the forests returned, and I don't know where my husband is.
I wish I never had gone on a cruise
I fell out of a roller coaster ... I’ve no idea where the hell I am - Part 3
Tails from the front desk audit.
Don't let your children read this book.
The lady under the red blanket
This is not my yearbook
House Party
We lost our mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back.- Part 3
My meds aren’t working, I’ll solve this myself
My Imaginary Friend has Started to Cry All the Time
Selling Your Soul is Harder Than You Think
Where are you Trish?
A Ghost Kid
The Worst Date in Barcelona
t
The beach
Guiding Light
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought...(PART 9) (Finale)
I 'm sorry but i can't let you live any longer
My wife is scaring me while she's asleep
The city’s gone
My Imaginary Friend Was an Astronaut
Something came from the hole in my backyard
Something bizarre happens every time I go to Tattoo Alley. But this time I saw the truth.
Never go to an Estate Sale
Ever Since My First Encounter With A Paranormal Apparition, Unnatural Things Continue To Affect Me. Entry: 2
I found some weird audio files. I've decided to transcribe them.
I know the reason so many people commit suicide on new years...
This happened almost twenty years ago. Some days I still hear insects skittering around me as I wake up.
One of my fathers sad stories 1 of 3
The Cat’s Being Weird Again
SCP-303 : The Worst Case Scenario
My dad finally got what he deserved.
Something forcefully entered my body.
There’s something in the subway. Pt 1.
The basement playground (part 2)
Aftertaste
I ran a bar that served one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...but now it's closing time. (FINAL)
I Found A Dead Body In My House.
Why I hunt monsters : Reason 1 "I'm being watched while I sleep"
IMG_0013: HELP ME!! (Part 2)
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 4)
The haunting of the Corner Room.
Monsters Are Real and They're Hard to Kill
If you’re thinking about getting Seeking arrangements, don’t. I promise you it is a bad idea
Just read Borrasca
Why I always keep my door locked and kitchen window closed.
Always Make Sure You know where your family members are before responding pt1
she let them touch me
I Always Wondered Why My Dog Sat Outside The Bathroom Door
Does anybody have advice?
SIN RELOJ - OCN &amp; ZafiraFilms (Videoclip Oficial)
I like to eat ______. It tastes like chicken.
My Omegle Chat for the Last Time
I can see the dangerous outcomes of my day and a couple of weeks ago my vision was very vivid
Weird Noises
I live in a small town and we just had an emergency broadcast
A few “ideas”....
The World's Most Important Letter
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I made it to 28, but now I have to save my child.
Greedy fingers,perfect skin
I Think I Purchased a Demon House (PART 1: The Late-night Stalker)
Centipede
The Cure for Hunger
I'm A College Student Studying Field Biology, I Think I've Found Something That Will End the World
Body-horror
I think I have stepped into an Inn from another time. Now I’m chained to a bed and I don’t know how to escape.
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station
‎Hello, I am a very successful serial killer/murderer with over 100 confirmed kills and counting, Ask Me almost Anything!
I work for an Adventure Centre and now we have a new rule (part 2)
Do you see? (Part 3)
An alien creature was hiding behind a bookshelf, eating what looked like it used to be someone's face.
Why would you believe the Inquisition is real ?
I Made what I thought was the Perfect Wish, and Now I have Found the Flaw in my Logic
Potential ghost?
I fell into the most notorious zoo exhibit in the country. This will be my final Reddit post...
Every day Charlotte’s mother forgot to collect her from school.
Space belongs to Satan, Part 1
The Losnedahl Effect: In 2006, trees started growing in a grid pattern.
Very high pitch everlasting noise in house makes it difficult to fall asleep, as well as acid reflux due to gas
It’s hiding under the ice. Global warming is making it worse
I conducted an exorcism but I am no priest nor I am affiliated with any church (PART 1)
7 minutes ago...
I Found Candle Cove On Nickelodeon, This Was My Experience
Skin walker on mission trip
I think a sociopath wrote my favorite game.
Dad of the Year
Don't Look Behind the Shower Curtain
Silent Hell
The Voyeurist
My Great-Great grandma doesn’t know what’s keeping her Alive
Call Me Birdy
Without tye Shedding of Blood
Tell me your battle royale war stories gamers.
Ever since moving into my stepfather’s new house, he’s always made it clear of one rule: Never go inside the basement.
Lone Widow
Journal Entry - Year 20
The Lark
The Hollow of Sadowy
The Lucid/Vivid Dream That Lasted 100 years (part 1) Death &amp; Ascension.
The wolf and I
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 2)
I've had a Stalker for Three Years and Never Knew Until he Rear Ended Me (Part Two)
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Nadia's Closet
The Weird Accounts of the Mars 2044 Expedition
I rented a house just recently.
The blessing
If You Smell Something Rotten, Check the Attic First
The Bikini Bottom Blackout PART 1
What You Can't Hear.
A Visitor Came To Our Neighborhood Every Night
What.... the actual hell.
What I got in the mail PT2
Whispering Hills (pt 2)
Won't you grow with us?
I Don't Believe
An identical copy of my son showed up in our house one day
Digging Up A Body In The Middle Of The Night Can Get Weird
There's something crawling on me.
Clickbait!
Chernobyl wasn't an accident
Sleepover at friends
The Grey Thing
The Animatronic Dog (Part 1)
I used to work for Walgreens. never again.
I'm scared.
Help me
My Friend Behind The Mirror.
C.A.G.E. Document Leak No. 1
Ghosts in the Machine: A Modern Gothic
I was awoken by my child late at night. The words he said made my blood run cold.
Do you want to get free games and prizes in your free time? Visit this page https://gamehag.com/a/2381 and get gems that you can exchange for prizes. You can earn gems by playing games or watching ads.
Here's my Story..
Every year we go on a couples camping trip to the same place. This year was different...
This figure is giving me sleep problems.
Letters from the Lighthouse
I'm a Voyeur. You don't know me. You really do not want me to know you.
Donot download anygames that involve having a avatar!
My Friend Kept Finding Teeth in his Apartment
I opened my eyes and saw the face of God.
My Dad Told Me Stories From WW2 Which Was Told to Him By My Great Grandfather (Part 1)
I am the reason why these two people are outcasts in our city.
I played a game of 'Never Have I Ever' that I Never should have played.
I Woke Up and Everything Has Changes (Part 2)
The Carnival in The Hills
I'm An Academic Postdoctoral Researcher and I Have Some Stories The Public Should Know.
Every night I hear banging on the walls
Bad Dog (Final part)
Monstruo
hey guys! check ouy my new android game! it is called Horror Ninja Survival
The Nectar
There's a cricket on the ceiling
Understanding Red Vines
Do you want to know the secret to eternal life?
unable to do anything for my college
I was visited by a demon in my sleep last night.
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 5 (The End)
The Abyss
The horrifying reason behind a starless night sky
how i found out About goveRnmEnt secrets And a warning For all cItizens to lay oFf social media ouTlets. this is mY stOry aNd my burdEn
The Barker Incident
I wrote a story and some maniac made it happen for real
Fish.
My plane is frozen in midair, and the other passengers are scaring me
I might have killed someone while I was sleeping
We found a cave during our annual hiking trip. We never should have gone inside.
11:11 actually works and it's sinister
The Backroads (Part 2)
Our brains are really the enemy.
The Suburbs: Who Killed Belle Mullohand?
I didn't believe in haunted house...until i moved to one
‘Twas the Fifth Night Before Christmas things got real
The Howler
I didn't a teacher could do that..
Nine
I watched a man commit suicide outside my house. He does it every night.
Maybe some of us are better off dead.
Family Short Story " Possessed"
The man outside my window.
My Moms Sister, Lisa.
Haunted Ruby
The Flashing Lights
stamd
RUN (Part 1)
Someone help.
The strange new girl's not following the Home Owners' Association rules, and it's going to get someone killed
the rules of the haunted house has a strange way of breaking them
I was a wrestler. He's my strangest story
I was forced to bet my soul with a demon
I’ve been in a coma for 2,5 years now
I just had a nightmare 20min ago.
I don't know what come's after the number 10
The Chamógelo
My subdivision is in lockdown and I know whyAs the raven watches
Why Did The Moon Disappear?
Tony told me to!
Don't visit the Pokémon Go Gym at Ed's Endless 90's Roller Rink
I took my dog Noodles on a hike, but I'm not sure I brought the same dog back
A Little More About the Doctor: The Doctor's In (Part Four)
Hot for Teacher
I was given this journal and instructions to “share it with the world” and honestly, I can’t even comprehend some of this... pt 2
I'm still not sure what to think about this...
I don't think my shiftmate is human
His grandpa is possessed.
Live.
Welcome to Bedside Manor
My Creepy Haunted Poster
I’m a cam girl. One of my clients is stalking me.
Disturbing sleep experience
Trust me, you don't want a milky mommy girlfriend.
I was visited by some kind of being last night and I could really use some help
The Lunar Being
The izanuga shadow-fumetsu Demon
Stoszek's Train
He told me he was my best friend, and I trusted him...
The Piney Woods Witch
The Shark Man
The Doll - NoSleep Creepypasta
Good Dog
The Hangman Laughs With Childish Glee
Something larrg has me trapped in my shed
My Parent's dog was acting strange
We've been hunted by a monster for weeks.
someone has been following me for a week now
That time when Pokemon GO led me into the woods...
We Dared Him to Enter the Abandoned House
Part 1: Something strange going on at my place of work and no one seems to really notice
The Other World Parts Five And Four
My dog buddy, or what I thought was my dog.
I Just Pulled Off My Face - And Found Another Face Underneath It
My son and wife dont exist
My Valentine's Day Was Worse Than Yours
It’s been two weeks since I flunked my audition for a popular TV show. There is something wrong with the cast.
The Forest 1/?
Spirit of a plant ghost
I saw a giant flash of light outside my house
'He was too into me'
It wasn't an owl...
Would anyone be ok with me reading there stories on my channel
One year ago, they put up a wall around our town. It was the right thing to do.
The Nightmare Trip that changed me forever NSFW (Substance Abuse/Near Death)
Tool has been teaching us patience.
Once loved, now hated.
How To Get Your Infant Quickly Into Deep Restful Sleep
Pink Himalayan salt face scrub benefits
Moving in day 1
There is something in the forest behind my new house.
A cure for apathy, soliloquy of a madman.
Holly
Don't listen to the music: Song of the Sea
I am paid 7440$ a month to watch children undergoing mutation
The Dissappearance of the Miller Boy
I fucked my mom
The lake showed me the truth
Late Night Talk
They're close. (part 1)
I played POLYBIUS... it was the worst mistake of my life
My doctor keeps changing his clothes everytime I try to explain my illness to him
I found a tape that I wasn't supposed to listen to.
I just wanted to see mom smile again
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult -- Part Two: I Am Lilith
Erase Your Mind
The red sky.
The Hands
An Univited Guest Joined our Field Trip
I tried for third base and found a severed hand instead.
Mirrors...
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 6
My Girlfriend Has Become the Vessel for Some Primordial Greek Evil (part 1)
The Patient - by Je`Von Miller
I went to a Gay Conversion summer camp and realized I was trapped in a Cult
Claire
The girls in my town are disappearing and I need to put a stop to it.
I took up a job I shouldn't have. Now I can't quit. *Part 2*
My Hotel Has Spliders
Nightmares
Overnight camping: The forest is back.(again)
The reason why I hate suits
What is the strangest conspiracy you have heard?
Permission for uploading your work on my YouTube channel
The Axe Killer
The neighbor
“Welcome Home, Honey”
I Was Given A Set Of Strange Rules At My Job As A Morgue Night Guard - Part 1
I'm a Pathologist who performs autopsies on nightmares. This autopsy talked back.
I found something at the Far Side of the Moon in 1975 (re work of my deleted original post)
PLEASE READ
The Prowler
I Summoned the Flayed Twins... This is How I Survived.
I never believed in ghosts til now...
"skin"
I have been playing hide and seek with them for days, but I can't find them.
Two and a half weeks ago I found a human tooth in my pocket. I don't know how it got there.
I stole a phone today.
The Diluvian Tragedy
When I was child, the Cat in the Hat came to visit. What he did changed my life.
The darkest of nights can bring you strength, as long as you can believe it.
When a YouTuber asks you to subscribe, it might be a good idea to.
Broken hearts and severed heads.
At Night, I Can't Tell What's Real
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird Things Happen Around Halloween-Part 5 ,1/2
The accident will happen yesterday
I'm a Fireman, but it's the water which terrifies me
REAL ghost stories
Quarantine has lured cryptids out of the shadows
Best Broken Friend?
We don't ask questions, we just work here.
I'm an elevator repairman. Rule #5 - Don't Ride with The Devil
A message
I escaped a Wendigo, but it's banging at my door right now
The Trilling
The man in the woods by Rylee rose
I'm a rapist and I'm almost a victim.
I Don't Like My Sister's New Playmate
Cosmic Slop
My Building Has No Basement
I've been stuck inside for a month
The Man That Found God (Part 3)
God is alive, and we're all in danger
Where the Stars Meet the Earth
Vincent Went Missing 5 Years Ago (CHAPTER ONE)
I was hired to watch a theme park and was given a strange list of rules (part 1)
Doxology
My Grandmother's Attic (Part 3) END
There's something hiding in the old barn
We made made first contact with a new tribe. What we found on that island was not human.
Alex in Emptyworld
I am God and I need to explain somethings to you
I need help finding this video...I don't know where else to post this...
Post 1
If you can't feel anything that might be my fault
My Dads Catchphrase Was Always "The Weak Ones Die First"
OPEN YOUR MIND'S EYES
my house used to be a church
Guerinnet and the Skeleton
Pope lick monster / the truth
The Strange Feldscher and His Medical Anomalies
I used to be an investigator before being assigned the case of the “Winter Slaughters.” (Part Two)
They Came from the Woods Part II
My scary experience!
What to do about the sound in the distance
Midnight Drive and the Savealexsavejon.com videos
(Part 1)A Fighter's Life: It Smiles From Beyond the Trees
HUGE lack of Sleep in a WEEK from new medication for ADHD and now regular meds aren't working, am I just to over tired?!
Metamorphosis
I love you, Michelle
Days After Our Wedding, Her Smile Seemed to Grow Darker. PT 2
Oh Damon!
We'll Find You Delicious
I collect Bootleg Media as a hobby. I have more interesting finds.
Mr. Whatever You Want
My dads a boss for a gang and my moms a member..
I need to get out of my house, fast.
My daughter loves elf on the shelf, but I have other feelings about it.
When I was a kid my baby sitter scared the shit out of me
Never dress your child up as a clown for Halloween.
At the request of my parents, I visited my dying grandfather one last time. I wish I had let the old man rot instead.
i was a nurse at my local psych ward
The Things in the dark Part1
The Feeling of Fear and the Unknown
The whisper from the underground
Update, with stitches
{This is to be narrated and posted in YouTube}
My skinwalker story.. Arizona
The Worm
I made a deal with the devil and It ended up in the same way. IN FLAMES
There's A Lost Cartoon Out There That Makes People Disappear. I Watched It
I just inherited a haunted house, but didn’t think about how odd that is until right now
This Number Has Been Disconnected...
What's the creepiest shit you had ever read/watch/saw?
i think there is something wrong with my game.
My brother (fictional)
how to make chicken shawarma|homemade| middle eastern food|the very best
An Attempt At Witchcraft
SuperMarket Memoirs 8: Kentucky Fried
Phasmophobia
The day I quit my job as a contract killer
//TW Supernatural//
The Night Itself
Lethal Injection
A Dead Woman Followed Me Home
Never Attend a Therapy Session with a Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline Counselor
Desert Lights (Part 2)
It Was Never My Nightmare
Whats the story that u read about or happened to you that made you afraid to sleep ?
I found a mansion at a country side🎃🎃
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it.
It dwell's on Mount Misery - The story of my farm and it's dark past
Responsible
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. I think I just fell right into their trap
I have a secret power
I think my friend played the 11 miles game and I don’t know how to get him back PART 2
I Clean a Church Twice a Week. There's Something in There With Me. (Part 2)
Bluebirds
I awoke to a stranger in my bedroom
It's Watching In The Walls But No One Believes Me, Time Is Almost Up
There is something in the woods near my house
If the trees could talk
I cut all my boyfriend’s fingers off. I don’t know if our relationship can still be saved
In Search Of The Putney, Georgia Phantom
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules(Part 3)
Rules for the Salon
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. What's up with the neighbors?
I survived a drug store shooting- This is my story
My Son Finally Spoke Today
The kid who got arrested at my school
All the lonely people.
Jadwiga's House - Maude (Part 2)
My near-death experience at the cottage
Shareen
The Rope Bridge that Leads to Nowhere
When your gut tells you to get out. Listen to it!
Every time a cough I cause someone to die
I started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  Chapter 2.
My Kid Is A Little Weird And Very Miserable
An Island Treatment for Colon Polyps
The Suicide Test
Strange man shows up to my door
I Think I am being followed (part 1)
Sweet nightmares, part 2
anyone here to get scary story ideas for their assessments?
Read this I cant sleep!
Nighttime sleep thing
The Day I Cried With a Evil Videogame
The sun hasn’t come up in seven days
"One, Two, Three"
I’ve been doing video calls with my class every few days, but on one of the days something scary occurs. My Small Scary Story Channel!
I can't sleep for more than a couple hours
The Corona Virus
Posted in R/AskReddit
I think I have a bit of a problem. I like pain. No I’m lying. I love pain.
The man outside won’t go away. The man outside won’t go away. The man outside won’t go away.
'Tis the season to be jolly6
That thing in the corner of your room (pt. 1)
The Forest Behind My House is Moving Closer, and I Can't Stop It
I am an investigator of mysterious "liminal spaces". I recently looked in to a young boy who disappeared from his grandmother's tiny guest room
Lack of attention to detail in
I heard a loud, bloodcurdling scream. It came from inside the house. Part 2
I got a new bird
I operate a remote logging camp, and someone told me I should post about it here.
If a man wearing a grotesque mask hands you an envelope, do yourself a favour and throw it away
Deadly Light on the Lake
I used to be afraid of the dark but now I feel quite different (Part 1)
I can't leave my room
Special Event Announcement!
Please direct your attention to the screen.
The time i was gona beat up my homie but a ghost stoped me
The time machine
i know this is long but god please read it. does anybody know anything about the sun people?!
The Ghat Section
dO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
At my friends house.
The Fisherman’s Wife
BEING ON THE RADIO AND TV 24/7 IS TO MUCH PRESHER FOR ME TO HANDEL
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Two)
This woman is being tracked by the military
When will people learn
How our hiking experience quickly turned into terrifying incidence
There's Something in My Backyard and I'm Still Learning About It
I thought I could play God, and there will be consequences.
The Man with the Radiation Suit,part 1
My problem
The Old Lady Next Door
The Inuit
NEVER go to Happy Hollow...
Mr molesterI triggered a Memory that my Amnesia made me forget. (part 1)
I was told I was let go
THERE'S SOMETHING STILL DOWN THERE, AND IT'S AFTER ALL OF US.
I Believe There is an Entity in My Home...
I'm working on scholarship essays. Does digging inside my best friend's dismembered arm count as "a moment I learned more about myself"?It's Tough Buying Men's Perfume
The Gateway
Within the Burning Line
This is a true story, happened when I was 12. Not sure if it’s scary enough, but I was scared out of my mind, and have a feeling I almost died. So, here ya go!
NOT HORROR NEED HELP WITH RULES
We'll Meet Again When the Land Breathes
I Found Something I Shouldn't Have In An Old Tunnel System
The Dealership Near a Dairy Queen
Sugar Sally.
my sister
An evil spirit won't leave me alone. No one is around to help.
Hide and seek.
children book cover design for amazon
I found a Radio in the Closet
Survivor of Bus 17 (Part 2)
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Seven
I got trapped in an escalator (Gore Warning)
Stay close.
We’re coming back from Mars, and I think something came with us. Part 1
I've been trapped in this room for 4 years.
My name is Addison Wembley....
I know when something is a lie. My journey so far
The Day The Rain Fell Up.
NoSleep Interview with DarthVarda!
My son was dying of cancer. I found a creature under my house that could save him.
Beware of Youtube videos
THEY DON’T COME BACK
neighbors ugh
I hate all these conspiracy theories that are obviously super false. Like the idea that we stay dead when we die
There's something in the forests of Norway, and it's terrifying
The Snakes
Last night, I went out for a run and heard something horrible.
I Found a Trove of Tapes that Hide Dark Secrets
No Sleep
trying to find this creepypasta title
The diary of maddy Maddy and what was behind her mirrors (part 2)
Weird thing i found while working at a bodega
My Family's Dark History
My Foster Brother is a former assassin or something...
Non-Fiction. Nowhere else to post.
Hearing a sound I thought was my dog, turns out it wasn’t
Jeremy
Twenty-Six Years Ago Strange Things Were Happening At The Nursing Home I Worked At That I Still Can't Explain
I just took a DNA test, turns out I'm 100% in over my head
HE IS NEXT
Love, Jordan
I don't know why people won't buy abandoned houses
The Dog Crate.
Rats, I got called into work on a Saturday for an emergency - overtime
I Tracked down a Kidnapper, She serves the Horseman of War (Final)
I'm scared for my "sweet 16"
My friend saw a wendigo
When The Owls Start Talking, Don't Drink The Water
I Know What the Minions are REALLY Made out Of
My Last Abry's Nightshift
What's beautiful inside.
The Wails On Garrison Bridge
This is not my house.
Post Apocalyptic Survival (COViD-19)
Disgruntled Employee
My dogs went missing
The more I drink, more sober I get
Something Hiding Within The ASMR Community
Schadenfreude
Between the Boxes - Writing On The Wall
Birthday Breakfast
Not everything ends.
My fiance's sleeping habits keep me up at night
When I was 5 years old, I saw my dead grandfather
I keep thinking about opening the emergency exit on this plane
I don't look up when going to the bathroom
It's not the dark. It's what's in it.
Yesterday, I killed four of my classmates. Today, I need to burn down my school.
Humanity
I am kept in captivity to watch over the sinners and clean the blood.
The Turpitude of the City Slicker
My name is Joshua Kevin Howard and I move a lot
The smoking ghost
My Reality Doesnt Exist
Two Knives
Strange Encounters in a Danish Town Part 1: Sygehus
My Old Elementary School Classroom.
Henry haunts my shadow because he wants what I've taken from him. Henry is trapped in the light but Henry is free in the dark.
What happens after death?
There's a room in the house where my father keeps secret research for his biotech company. I finally broke the lock.
For the sake of my children.
I went camping, when I was younger
Im being held againts own will
Help me, I'm stuck in the rubble.
The sky roars at night (Part II)
I'm from Brazil and i'm trapped in a Morgue. I did not follow the rules and now the fat man is coming. Please send help.
strange flute noise at night
My school has a dark past and is creeping back into light.
Calls of the Castle (part 4)
Mind control is real. Be on the lookout.
✝question
LakeFace
I regret winning the horror challenge I helped create.
On my own terms
Long Live ЫДСKИ355!
My Dead Cousin Is Trying To Kill Me
The “Foreign Object” Virus
I've been trying to find my way home for days
My Grandmother's experience with The Suffering. Part 1.
Eyes that follow me..
the sub-reddit r/UFO
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door.
My Personal 10 Favorite Stories On This Sub.
Release the Simmons cut!
Do you know what happens to a body after it falls off a building?
Who picked up the phone?
I Recently Passed Away and I Need Advice
Blood Bank
Case 3964: The Blackgate Incident (Part 1 of 3)
Update:
The Scarecrow
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 6)
Today I drove down a street I've never seen before
Haunted Group Therapy (Self Harm Warning)
Some Rules Can't Be Broken
A story I wrote became a creepypasta without me knowing about it.
Something Is Going On In My House, And I Don't Know What It Is
The Bugle, a real life experience
I'm A Conjoined Twin, But My Parents Pretend There's Only One of Us
They heard us
The shadow people keep following me
I’ve been trying to leave my apartment for past 2 hours
If you notice a 2nd moon in the sky, make sure you don't see them both at the same time
The strange man with big hands
White noise helps me sleep...until...
Post-mortem Thoughts
My Sister Always Wakes Up At 3 AM Screaming And Now I Know Why...
The Horsefly King (for Sly)
New things keep appearing in my house
Elevator, a short story by me
Smile.
I'm stuck on a road that has no end
There's something other worldly under this Juvenile detention centre
University degrees are for dummies
Strange Cult The Children of the Cottage
When I was a child we lived in a copy-paste neighborhood
DO YOU REMEMBER THE WHITE AND RED ROOMS!
My Ear's Won't Stop Ringing
The thing eating tourists in Bear Mountain State Park is not a actually a bear
I’m Going to Come Find You
I received an invitation to a party. The venue was my own home address - Part II
Among us scary story
Witchcraft. (Part Two)
My encounters with the forest PT.1
Has your dog ever had worms?
I just remembered the workings of time.
He was gone for so long
I can't fall asleep. Can someone tell me the funniest thing that ever happened to you?
I Used to be an Atheist
I found out i wasn’t my sons real dad and here’s how
The trailer across the street
3 scary Christmas horror stories
Don't ask dead people where they are
That’s Not Me
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 15
My Stepfather Tried to Kill us | The Night That Would Change Our Life Forever
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from (Part Two)It's Waiting For Me Outside the Door
10 Rules for Surviving Working at Amazon
I am the One In Control
"what day is it?"
Spooks - Incident One
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift (part 1)
I live in Area 51
I saw a black figure while alone at home
I’m getting voice memos from my long dead brother
On the way to my childhood home, I realised that the road I was on to take me there, was a terrifying portal into the unknown. (Part 1)
Relaxing sound of rain falling on roof tops. 1 hour: perfect for deep sleep, relaxation, natural white noise or baby lullaby.
Violent Sentient Paint Has Ruined My Valentine's Day
So i got this video...
My Grandpa Drowned Kittens
The Word You Shouldn't Search For
Hi, I'm Brad
Long-Term Nightmare... I Think (Weird Thing #2)It's been an hour and the shadows are still here
My School Has a Ritual No One Knew About, I Should Have Just Shut Up. (Part 1)
Fear has a strong stench
At age nine, I rescued a man trapped in a well
Heart-warming moment two Memphis students hand a bag of their own clothes to a freshman after he was bullied for wearing the same thing every day h
Dissonance
I was paid $100k to stay in a room full of mirrors (Final)
Ding
My college sorority is different. – The girl that ate nightmares
If you find a weird file titled “THE_VOID” on your computer, do NOT delete it. (Part 1)
"I woke up."
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 5
I am a Professional Curse Worker. Here's The Story of a Cursed Map.
A Handful of Dust

That Halloween.
The Guide
A story I wrote in High school
I saw skinwalker or a dogman
The girl who watches me sleep
I went on a seemingly normal business trip from London to Chicago, but i booked the forbidden room in the hotel.
A Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident
A Weird Car Followed Me To The Poker Room
the northern woods
We're doomed, but not for the reason you might think
The Hiking Trail
Just some guys having a bit of fun
I should have stayed home
The wolves
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out.
Patient zero
I wish I was kidding, but I left the world for a moment
Every Month Five Years of My Life Are Taken Off... And It's All Because of an Ice Cream Cone
I’m a new employee at the crappy gas station at the edge of town (part 1)
I am a ParaMedic, doing search and rescue for humans involving dimensional phenomenon
I got a new job as an editor, it has a peculiar set of rules that I have to follow.
My 5 year high school reunion is going to end in a massacre. (Part 2)
The Abandoned Island Near My Hometown
Klaxonavia The City of Dreams
I woke up in a strange room, only with a list of rules.
The Hildreth Tunnel.
Unwelcome in my own house.
Animatronics weren't Originally made for Entertainment (Slight Gore Warning)
I cant sleep regurarly
Out of Body Experience: Visit to Wuhan, China (2012)
No one believed me and I don't blame them.
Case#973: Crossroads
I failed to kill my father
As a kid I loved scary storybooks but this one was different....
My Childhood experiences with Ghosts (Story 1 &amp; 2)
FUCK YALL NIGGAAAAAAAAS!!!
I work as a pilot for a space freighter transporting materials for a scientific base on Pluto. On the trip I hear knocks outside the ship
No One
Welcome to the second round of the Psych Lab
Plectrum Ghost
Dog
Does God Ever Check in with The Lizard Lounge?
I just wanted a summer job, how has it come to this? (Part 1)
Erased from existence
Please Don't
The apocalypse (Part 1)
Something was waiting for me in room 243
I lost all feeling in my right arm
Just Another Camp Legend - Part 3
My Father Make’s Mannequins
It had a head of a moose
The Horror Attraction
It Hurts
Interconnected Lives: Natasha Bricken/Micheal Bricken
My name is Sherri Robinson, and I can see when people are hours away from death.
There's a Terrifying Bug in the New iPhone Update
My dog gave birth to a litter of kittens. Then they grew bat wings.
There is an article known as the "Amalgam of Nations"
My experience with Morongo valley. Story 1
My Brother moved out Last Night
In sold my life for 700 dollars
Christmas Saved My Life
My friend is a zombie
DO YOU KNOW THESE GIRLS?
October Snow.
Relaxation Music: Stress Relief, Calm Music, Meditation, Sleep, Sleep Th...
The Ghost or Spirit at the Main Turnstile
The Creature in the Canal
Where Did Everyone Go?
A demon is near
Ghost girl in my livjng room
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves
My friend and I found a portal to a world where Homo sapiens never evolved. We saw what the world became without us. It shocked us. PART 2/2
Scaredy-Cat
The extinction of the Human Race SHOULD'VE happened today.
The Most terrifying nightmare I've ever had.
The paradise
Saltwater
Advice
When he calls...
I’m BB Boleyn - the world’s most famous rock star - and I’ve got the creepiest groupie ...
I’m an architect that works in renovation. Don't do rituals in old buildings. You don't know what you'll meet.
There’s someone in the woods
Flesh Reconstitution
I Found Out What My Girlfriend’s Been Painting
Retro-Lite
I have a collection of powerful enchanted objects. Enchanted electronics seem especially dangerous.
So this just happened...
Something ancient is alive in the permafrost beneath my town
Something Radioactive is Buried Under My New Home.
I love my sisters
Trying to track down a story I read once
Ataraxia
The White Raven's Call
The Dark Web is Alive, and it's Watching Us...
How to Survive Camping - my ancestor's journal
I don't know if the woman in the woods of South Park, Colorado was because of my schizophrenia
Iseul (Part 1)
My Childhood Home was Definitely Haunted
"The Clouder"
Scariest Story of 2019 Winners!
One summer day
A Message to my Sleep Paralysis Demons...
There's Creatures in the Everglades
i got attacked by a toaster and it changed my life forever!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
The Cabin (Part 1)
Jbbblknnmm
Six months ago, I acquired a Seinfeld three Costanza moon t-shirt. In the time since, my life has become a living nightmare.
Never camp in the slieve bloom mountains!
My Eternal Faith (Part 3)
"Something strange happened in our town"
Sleep
I can move my eyes around my face...but not very easily.
The Abandoned, Dead Town
The Nightmare Box: Part II
Chaffee County Ranch
Where the sky meets the ocean
I'm addicted to visiting other dimensions - part two
Sometimes people just grow like mold
The Gravedigger: A New England Folktale
Can anyone help? I'm a bit disturbed.
The Devil in White
Self Image
Fever Dream
A late night goodbye
The Gnawing, PT 1
Fate brought them together
I moved into a rundown apartment complex. I spent a day handcuffed to a lawnchair.The Elderly Have Been Disappearing All Over Town
I think I ate something really really bad and I need help
I Was Offered the Deal of a Lifetime, and I Took It.
The Rules of Happy Henry’s Burgers, Fries, and More...
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 8)
I've been erased from every Facebook photo I'm in.
In 1957, an animator was found dead in his apartment. I am his creation, and the reason he died.
Ok
My name is Indi Rhyder Pt.2
Bad dream
The Back Door
I got killed once...
Story Idea.
Missing
Why I'm done using DoorDash.
Dead Driver
I went to a place I never should have gone.
The Madness Paradox
I had a very scary dream, but it wasn't a nightmare (pt. 1)I work at an abandoned Wal-Mart. It's an infirmary for a secret war.
The Melting Man
My Grandfather Went Down In WWII
My parents were working on technology research. They went missing during the final stages of their new device.
It’s really late here and I don’t have any light.
To all Institute agents: Object on the run.
I’m dead, or am I?
I'm a Zoologist and I've Found Something Strange- The Final Chapter.
Blood on My Hands
I saw a pitch black girl with blue eyes
If you watch this broadcast past 12:00 you will regret it.
Countdown till you die app
Rose Garden
The mystery of the Goat Man
The Stalking Ghost
The Disappearance of Ida Harding Part 1
My cult leader was killed but standing right in front of me.
Been to hell, died again
I cracked the Christmas Island missing person cases, and it's worse than you can imagine
Warm Shower
How me and my friend almost died(a few times)
Betrayal of the Sleep
2 weeks ago on was a little bit off... Things are just getting worse
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Final)
The Old Woman Under The Stairs
Upton's Journal was never brought to Trial
Our new neighbors live in the dark...
I don't go out for late-night walks anymore. This is why
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Remember Who I Am [Part 6}
Not a lovely story, but im looking to find 1
Nobody listens to teenagers.
I was the bodyguard of a Hollywood exec
Flash of Lightning
InSomnia
We thought the gods forgot.
Noises in my backyard (long story).
It’s never a mannequin (or is it?)
To be young again....
We Were Stalked By A Halloween Mom
Ms. Know-It-All
The man behind the shower curtain.
Horrific true story of Marty BergenWhy Our Town Changed Its Name
The Girl With No Irises: Part 3 (Finale)
My daddy is the best
POLYBIUS is real
The Girl Named Bea
Someone's been Mailing me Human Teeth
Splish, Splash, Sploosh
The Company I Work at Gave Me A Weird Set Of Rules To Follow, This Isn't What I Signed Up For
The Hard Drive (Part 1)
A boy named Jack
The stray cat saved me...
We Encountered Something in the Amazon River
I thought my son’s voice changed today, but I was mistaken. Something else was talking.
I'm on house arrest
Hole in the Hood
Ear to ear
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 2)
Corrupted Memory
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that shouldn't exist.
Do not revisit childhood memories.
I think I need to quit my job. (Part 1)
I Don't Think They See It
Please Don't Buy This House
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children
Never break the oldest law in Humming Lake, CA.
The timer
Upstairs
She takes my pain.
Some help for sleeping
I'm a World War II historian. This is the story about when I found a Nazi Laboratory in the middle of the Black Forest.
Something strange happened in the 3ds version of Terraria...
Stories from a Spirit Medium: The Old Man at the Bus Stop
Grandma’s Doll - A true story
The Karung Guni Man
I'm a Journalist and I've just uncovered something dark and horrific!
I owe a demonic spider six human lives - Part 1
Grackle Lady
The Morningstar | By Me
i think there is something in my balls.... .. . (reupload)
my father and i have the same hands
I joined the obsidian samurai. I realized it's not for the faint of heart.
"Don't Scream"
Help us figure out what happened and what this is.
At 9:13 PM on 15th June 2020, my best friend is going to kill himself. And there is nothing I can do to stop him.
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part III
Sometimes I get called upon to Settle the Score
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I just blew the last chance I had of fixing this shitshow, and now the damn space demon's lit the forest on fire
I am an arctic researcher for the United States and one of our team members saw things standing in the blizzard.
Watch me (I)
I'm sorry I have to type this fast
We Made Contact With Intelligent Life, It Was A Mistake.
The Waltz of the Faceless
Izzy
My Town Has a Curfew
The Last Full Service Gas Station In Parrott, Georgia
My lovely home.
Since I was a kid, I have lived in the same house, so naturally, I have gotten used to the everyday things that happened there, the mysterious scratches that appeared on the siding, mysterious gouges in the doors, I only noticed a problem when I moved my wife and my daugher into the house.
My fatherhunted a serial killer that nobody seems to remember
Theres a person..
A Little Light Came Dancing
mark_tomas_love_bug
Dead Neighbor
I crashed in the ozarks, I wasn't alone in that forest pt.1
The Cult of Forgotten Friends
Never Trust Great Cooking
Whisper.exe
I lived alone on a prairie. Past tense.
The Other Neighbors
Into The Cold Desert
You see the craziest things as a small town cop. Here’s how to protect your nutsack from dangerous flammables.
Every Day is the Same
Ever since my husband has come back from the hospital, he's been acting a little strange.
The Crooked Man
I watched a weird ad on youtube and now everyone I look at is facelessI don't know if it was a dream.
The Beetlejuicing Project: The vanishing of Hansen Rockwell
The walk of life
Dream Psychopath
Something I thought you people would like
NoSleep Interview with Sam Haysom!
They Always Come Back
I woke up with my entire body encrusted in shit (part 1)
HELP!!! There IS something in my room!!!
Me and my son went to a carnival but got trapped there for years but it was just a dream I had while in a coma from the dream.
Ghost of a Girl
There’s a monster in my closet.
Do You Believe In Dream Eaters?
The Army has been deploying Titans (pt.1)
The Howling outside keeps getting closer.
Did you know if drug buyers guide is legit or otherwise not ?
Frozen Solid
Dimension of Samhain
Too Good To Be True
Do not steal from this woman
My entire Neighbourhood has forgotten who I am... PART 1
We found a historical account of a Viking raid, but there's something very wrong about it.
The conspiracist
My Father is the Ferryman of the Dead
My nephew's friend could hold her breath underwater for an hour
It found me
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
Mother's Rules
7 days ago I turned 29, I pray I never turn 30.
I live in a complex that keeps strange beings away from society. I might not live much longer. (Part 2)
Oakwood Heights
Melody of the Arcade. (Part 3)
Sam got out again.
Rogue Server Room
Me and my imaginary boyfriend
Black Out
Shadow seeds were supposed to prevent my family from going hungry. Instead it brought a world of trouble.
There is something wrong with my grandmas house
My old Veiwfinder showed me, me.
The Jealous Type
The boy from Fresno
When it rains, they come.
The Diner on Blueberry Road.
Level 4 Test Lab Transmission 20615/22-3
I finally found him
I Recieved Journal Entries From my Uncle on Accident
My Experience with SoloMart
The previous tenant left a survival guide. How did we end up here?Mister Creopopolus
It all seemed so wonderful so beautiful and free
Strange Dog In My Dreams?
I remember feeling his horrid hands against my back, then my vision went black.
All My Teeth Are Gone
The signs in the Maine wilderness read "bloodsucker territory." Believe them or die.
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and It's Working Too Well (Part 2)
He's me and I'm him
Searching for personal horror experiences!
I take care of myself...
Tales From The Diner - Part 10 - The Werecat Incident
I looked outside the window in the middle of my flight and all I could see was black static
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. Glory to the NFC.
a few thoughts, concerning our current state and everything in it (fallaxpoeta)
There is something very wrong about my new roommate and I fear he might do something terrible.
I Love My Son (Part 2)
I’m not alone
In Mr. Hoffsetters Carnival, you must folllw these rules to ride
The hazy city.
Cat defeated demon but now she is suspicious of me
BOY SCOUT
Conspiracy Entertainment! Read the very bottom before indulging, and add to the speculation in the comments for fun!
Men in Black (Part 1)
do not play the elevator game (part 3)
I was a part of a vigilante assassins group (Part 1)
I woke up and now there are stitched bodies all over the place
I’ve done something terrible
If you hear a nursery rhyme called Snippity Snap, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
i become a serial killer
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Final part.
The one case I'll never forget
I found a post on Reddit a two months ago and I don't think I'm the only one.
Josie (Part 1)
Missing Pt1
Pretending to be asleep doesn’t work
My great-aunt left me a set of rules and warnings: Information.
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 4)
I'm stuck on a roller coaster with dead bodies.
There is something terrible in Sri Lanka rainforest you shouldn't know about...
Just the printer
The Mother's Love Part 1
I Work at a Manufacturing Company...
Noises behind the door
Palindrome
he was my best friend
Domestic Disturbances...
I’m a security guard at a museum but the artwork really puts me on edge
How to Survive Camping: something worse than coal
My Village is Normal
My Roommate is a Haunted DollDon't take off the blindfold.
I don’t know if this belongs here but
I cremated my wife, but then I saw her boarding a train in Amsterdam two years later.
Strange events
The story of a little town in the hills
My "mom" is creeping me out.
Top Hat Man
My Ovum Speaks To Me When I'm On My Period.
A Giant Spider That Resembles Jack Skellington Lives Inside Of My Left Shoe. I Just Never Knew It Until Yesterday.
I watched a suicide and can't do anything about it
I'm being mercilessly stalked by my reflection
Something Might Be Wrong With Emma
Valorant Highlights | Ps5 All Games Trailer | When do ps5 COME OUT
The Chernobyl disaster was a coverup of something terrifying
Hair Eater
I think I left my house through the wrong exit in the morning (Part 2)
My Experience In An Abandoned Sanatorium
It's time to think about what's actually going on....
Spooky Tea Originals (Granny of Ash) Ep 1
'I' doesn't refer to me here, this is a comment on instagram by @motionless.in.miw. I just made a few edits and its supposedly true...
Transcription from an old casette.
I've just had my first supernatural experience
Personal Cache
I've been saving my best friend's life every day for the past week, killing his family members in the process
I Watched a Really Dating Show when I was a Kid…
An Incident in New Mexico, 1954
I teach the trees to talk.
I got high in my closet and my home has changed.
I took a back road that doesn’t exist.
I thought I brought home my recently deceased boyfriend's soul. I didn't.
Shsjnsk
I can no longer sleep.
Why I Stopped Breaking Into Houses Part 2
Daniel's Demise
Silverton is Such a Nice Place to Live
I’m just starting a YouTube channel and I have uploaded it’s first video, I kept it short for this first video. I would also like to narrate your stories if your okay with it (credit will be given)
I think I’m being haunted by my nightmares PT.1
Constipation isn't funny
I'm a paranormal detective. My latest client wants me to investigate a cursed list of rules she received in the mail.
Diary Found in Abandoned Cellar
February 2020 contest nominations
The Russian sleep experiment
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. Part 3 of 4.
The world's Walk cAt leader
A Petition to Re-establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories
Closed-Circuit Terrifying-Vision
(Short) mornings are getting strange
Fire At Midnight
I was chosen, along with a bunch of other misfits.
The S.S.C.U. (#1)
Hana is typing ...
Outstretched
Rocks in an alleyway
Few years ago, I read a story on this sub-reddit that I wrote off as a work of fiction, but that was until the monsters in the story came for me.
My town is being massacred. I know what is taking people but you have to ignore it.
I fell in love with a beautiful ass, but I just ended up getting donkey punched.
Losing Count
Guided by the dead
Why I Will Never Invite Strangers In The House
Nightmare..
01000010 01101100 01100101 01110011 01110011 01100101 01100100 00100000 01100010 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100011 01110010 01100101 01100001 01110100 01101111 01110010 00101100 00100000 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110011 00100000 01110010 01101111 011
The Railroad Crossing
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road part 6 finale
I think my neighbors are sick
Never tell the forest your name
My family are worshipping a cat and its trying to kill me.
I was Born Blind, But in my Dreams I can See. I think my Whole Life's Been a Lie.
I Received A Letter From My Dead Best Friend: Part 1
They're Close (part 2)
Necromancer For Hire
Chip, the alien
Normaltown
The Man In The White Shirt
BUNKR 1 - I live in a not so typical Filipino compound
The Skin Men (Part 1)
Was I dreaming?
Chuck E. Cheese
Something unusual happened to me while getting high. I saw things that terrify me to this day.
What Mother Told Me - Ding Dong the Witch Is Dead - Part 1
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Final Part.
How do you kill a Storytime Stanley?
I run an antique shop. I only give my clients three rules
I am stuck in a cabin
I was never here
Boob Gap
Spilling the hottest tea from Goat Valley Campgrounds
They wear human skin and dance outside of the Killington Woods.
Clockwork Man
Tornado Alley (Part 1 of 5) St. Louis, MO. Year: 2020
Love Can Make You Evil
F(r)iends
The Filling Station
This drive was supposed to be an hour and a half. It has now been eight hours.
The Haunting of Crimson River (Part 1)
The Time Capsule Was Set to Open January 1st; I Just Needed to Survive.
I Chewed A VEIN Out of My Mouth!
This Was Her Room (2523 words)
Something's Wrong with the Gregori Kids
I’ve been haunted my entire life.
My friend started Judgement Day and I did nothing to stop him
Crispy Critters Part 1
She Is Gone Pt II
Trapped on the 50th floor
A Pill That Brings Shadows To Life
If you find a game called “The theater” Don’t play it.
I'm tired
My Son is Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore
528 - Out of the Fog, In to the Fryer.
SERIES - Magic is real, and I don't like it - PART 1
Flesh Eaters {Part 1}
Enter
a text
Ozuna Doja Cat Sia Del Mar remix
HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE CHARNEL MAN?
There's something wrong with my 7 year old brother. I'm kinda scared of him.
My Sleep Paralysis Demon Stays When I Wake Up
Re Living The Same Day LOL I Know A lot About This I Die Then Come Back...
Not a horror story, but a story of horror.
4 Creepypasta Readings
I discovered stairs in the woods and I think I found a portal to hell
A child's method for madness part 2 (2 parter because of length)
My grandfather showed up at our Fourth of July barbecue. He died in Vietnam.
I need advice-
Disney after Dark: We're hiring!
Saving Grace
The Last Silver Letter
Hi no sleep
Listen to the news
So many wonderful stories. Here is the truth, and it scares.
I’m a dentist for monsters. It’s time we talked about The Beast.
The Boy who lived under a house.
A Nightmare's Touch
Two Nosleep writers are dead and my inheritance is gone. All because I left my mentally handicapped adult brother alone for a weekend.
Bath Time
I Woke Up In Bed And I Don’t Remember Who I Am
I’m trapped in a thunderstorm, there’s a creepy figure in the window, and I can’t keep track of all 47 rules for staying in this house!
My childhood “imaginary friend” is a demon. (P2)
There's a spirit looking out for me ****(TRIGGER WARNING: SELF HARM)****
Why you should always mind your own business
SHOP HERE AND GET 30% OFF!
The Perfect Match. Part 1.
The Weeping Willow Tree
I think I'm being followed by a unknown entity
I know why Schnoz couldn't play a bigger role in berserk
Patty's Appetite
My Monster and Me Part 1
Wake up
H
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 8)
How Covering a Gas Station Shift Led Me to a Monster - And the Guy who Killed it
Why I am afraid to shower
Something is wrong in my town
A weird, deleted, and downright horrifying subreddit.
I’ve been trapped here for almost a year. Until I’m not.
Under my bed
The cartoon grin (part one)
Eternal Life
AMA ask an immortal of 15 years pretty much anything!
There is something off with my Landlord
A Compendium of Lost Spaces: The Obscure Object
Our Daughter Went Missing 15 Years Ago...
One day of school I walked alone, I saw something strange happened.
I almost got killed by a human shaped monster on 4 legs
The Unifier
I had a Devil door in my room. I used to play in the room it opened to.
The things I have seen
I can't trust myself anymore
A Ghost Visited Me, Only He Didn’t Know Who He Was
The Chapel at West-More Lake
It feels like my parents have been replaced by Aliens
Ruining The Elevator Game
The Thing By The Trees
I can see stains on people that nobody else can see
The Voice Of Evil
What's the scariest thing that ever happened to you?
Rules for working at Standies Mannequin Warehouse
Animal Land 2
If you're seeing this, please wake up, now.
From the Swamp, pt 2
Ну что? Страшные истории из моей жизни
i shouldn't of looked at the moon
You know whats fun? Get kid sex doll from ebay, got his face wrapped in a black plastic trash bag and spank him with shovels handle
8 Hours Of Sleep Is Important
The Thing at Number 98 (Short horror Story)
Open up
What did I do...
I know we supposed to be fighting our demons but I keep fucking mine
Magic is real, and it’s horrifying
I got lost coming home, and I’m still not sure where I was.
It took me awhile, but I found another Lady Jade's client. Here's her story.
The Rivers' Murders
My mentor chased a serial killer that nobody seems to remember
Who Could It Be, Now? Final Part: Consequences
Slaves of fate
All you tubers read this and never fall for the same mistake I did
I can’t take it anymore
Midnight Notes
The real reason to why the power went out
I need to help Anna Summers.
My encounter on the back road
I bloodied a woman for her public disrespect,and I loved it
having trouble sleeping at night
A Man in my Neighborhood is Still Watching Me after 5 Years
A tickle
The Sunken Church
Hi, My Name Is Marisol, and I’m a Therapist For The Dead.
My friend disappeared from the orphanage one night, I wish I could go back to being ignorant.
my boyfriend is an amateur paranormal investigator
Let's Go for a Ride
Something is whispering our names in the forest. Now my wife is missing.
On the last October-day, there is a strange phenomenon in the forest by my city
I thought going to the cabin would help me get over her death. I was wrong.
Blackest of Black Fridays
We keep seeing the same hitchhiker.
I bought a VR headset from an urban legend. I really wish I hadn't put it on.
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. I can explain why.
I plan to turn myself in soon By the_weird_writer♥︎
I live in a remote cabin, I'm not alone.
Kinfroket (PART 2)
Cecil pt. 1(Wrote this pretty quickly sorry for the bad formatting/mistakes)
...or is this my personal heaven?
never appreciated life until i was sexually harassed
That Strange Feeling
Just another night in the specimen lab...
Hunting Trip
THE DEAL WITH THE DEVIL'S REJECT
The Return
Skate through
My dad died of stage 4 lung cancer so we decided to celebrate Father’s Day early. The guests arrive.
I didn't think a teacher could do that...
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing
I think curiosity may be the death of me. I couldn't just let things lie.
Never Babysitting Again
Roommate performs magic on pet cat - Literary Assignment Draft
I Went Missing For Five Weeks and I Don't Remember Any Of It
The Puppeteering Parasite
It stares back...
The Sounds of the House
A bear is stalking me
Watching. Waiting. Witch.
she won't stop talking won't stop shouting can't stop screaming fucking help me
World like ours.
I Need Your Best Stories to Share on My Podcast
the diary (first post on no sleep and I'm new at stories lol)
I never knew Magpies could talk
The day my watch began to scream
Be my Guest
The T.V
It wasn’t my time to die.
where are they?
I'm stuck in a loop of the same day
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 4 *Final*
I wanted to be the leading lady but that was before all the actors started disappearing
That Strange Feeling. (Nightmares Series Log 1)
Sorry for bad english...
I moved into an apartment a few months ago, the staff is terrifying
The Sun Is Gone..
My last trip to my dads old house was very....odd.
He climbed up my house and tried to get in through my window.
The beckoning bells
(Short Story) An Inconvienence
Life Lessons
The red cloaks are in town (part 2)
A Creature With My Mother's Face - Part 1
I heard screaming from across the street. I shouldn’t have gone to investigate.
My Dad’s friend joined the wrong fraternity
hi i am new here and i wrote this story, hope you like it
Don't Eat The Pudding...
I can make anything happen. It's out of control now
The fat family
2 Sentence Horror ~ My Cat
I Moved To A New Community, and The Rules Are Strange
HELP PLEASE!
The monkey keeps staring
My Grandmother worked for NASA. We Went Back to the Moon. PART THREE
I am starting to see things in the middle of the night
Werewolf in the woods
Lose weight easy
There’s a Box in the Street.
Something got attached to me while i worked my night shift. Part 1
The Hatman
Back again.
I'm a hotel manager and I've seen some weird things (part 2)
I'm a Hitman for the darknet and something is wrong (Part one)
The Road Where I Found Her
Tom Turkey
someone broke into my house. and stole my fridge ?
The Children of Hemsby. Please, Never Come Here. For Now I Can Never Leave. - Part 1
Thought a few of you might enjoy these videos .
I Think My Anxiety Saved My Life…
Watch out for the Takers
Shadow Man in trench coat Stalking my dreams for the last 5 years. Demon? Spirit? Help!
pandemic or not a pandemic ???
I’ve been held captive in my house for the last 24 hours. I don’t know if we’re ever getting out.
Why I am Terrified of Crows
Sleep Paralysis Story #1
My strange childhood memory.
A love letter
Things that keep you awake at night?
How to Survive Camping - Rule #15: the cake is still a lie
Blocked.Death in Daylight
The Woman from the Creek
I think my roommate wants to end my life
I work for a secret research center. The number of missing employees concerns me.
I hired a lookalike to pretend to be me. They are doing a better job than I expected.
Light in the Closet
Compendium of Nightmares - Volume One: The Raven King
Best Original Monster 2019 Winners!
The reason why my dad left the police force
My Mother's Talking Cat: The Suspcious Neighbor (Part 1)
2165
I live in a town of satanists... I've just found out why they worship me...
My WiFi is a portal to an alternate reality..
I’m scared to go back to work
I Found Your Necklace
How my father made me dig the hole he wanted to bury me in.
why. won't. he. leave.
My suicide attempt failed to end my miserable life. It ended up making me less capable to do anything.
My friend's spoon was talking to him.
Every year, something appears in my closet. It wants to be let out.
The Hooked Man
I don't like the holidays anymore
Coda - BREACH - Part 13 - Final/Epilogue
There is Something Wrong With The People In My Childhood Home Town.
Emily Gray doesn’t exist. That hasn’t stopped her from wanting me to end her life.
Some one stole my laugh
HELP, abandoned structure in Northern Colorado
The Gift of Fear
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part two)
I wrote a poem I don't remember
We're being attacked, however I'm the only one awake and I can't seem to wake up anybody else.
I have discovered what ''Junk DNA'' trully does. Be glad it exists.
A good bartender knows just what you need
AIRBNB IN OKINAWA
I'm A Body-hopper and I've Learned Something New
Conversion Day
How do I not have a fear of dying?
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - This calls for a lot of overtime
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she landed somewhere else and might be in danger
Toybox VI: Excalibur in Motus
Do not return
Strange sounds I hear at night..
Please direct me to another sub if necessary. Hoping you good people could help me find a ghost vid I remember from years ago.
How To Sleep Better At Night Get Ebooks
The Wrong Dimension Part 1: The Attic (Trap) Door
My friend and I broke into an abandoned house. What we saw inside will haunt me forever.
Any kinda advise please?Amittyville Horror Ghost(s) on Google Maps?! Looked up the house, got scared. Looks like figures on the left? Like shadowy children or maybe one figure? Took screen video scrolling through street view for other angle. Nothing shows😬Link to my imgur for video/pics: https://imgur.com/gallery/hA46Eta
The trip to the bomb shelters
Dancing with the Drowned
i hate falling asleep.
Wilbur is watching.
Has anybody ever heard of the “Reject’s Room”? (It’s a long story.)
I need help canceling my JollyWell subscription box order
floor 666
VISITAS EXTRAÑAS
It's Hunting us!
This is my story where I began my love for cryptozoology and monster hunting.
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 15
My name is Ashlyn Turner, and I'm 16 years old. I help guide spirits who haven't been able to leave Earth to where they need. My last client was a little odder than usual, however.
Mom almost died 2 times while working as a janitor
I Brought the War Over With Me
ITS NECK IS JUST TOO LONG (PART 3 FINALE)
Hey this is time writing a scary short story. It is based off of my experience with sleep paralysis. Hope you guys like it. ☺️
Day or Night? Night.
Hangnail. (part of Fingered)
Can someone please fix the AC at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline?
The birds keep coming back
Rising Star
The truth of our universe
Go Back To Sleep
We used ouija board
I was sent this in my mail today. I've never received anything like this before. Help?
I can’t sleep, and neither does the strange man standing in the corner of my bedroom.
I used to think small apartments weren't scary enough. No more.
No wifi
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again.
I saw it again
Stuffed Animals Stay Put
This is my first Creepyasta attempt, still dont have a title for the story yet.
Don't look for me.
I need help (Happening now)
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive.
The darkness part:1
My new flat has some rules. Feel like this won't be a pleasant experience.
Be Careful. They hide among us.
my job in the woods part #4
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The Fate of the Hunt
I released something that was trapped beneath a rock in rural Norway, and now I'm on the run
Real, strange and unexplainable experience in the bus
It all started with Mum eating detergent by the spoonful
There is a red door on my basement something else lives on my town 4
Tiny Slivers of Hell: an experience with an Unknown Substance, sold as Red Dust.
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Wrath (Part 4)
the curse of womanhood (conclusion)
The mysterious man
She bit someone’s ear off...
I used to work for one of those Haunted Houses growing up. It was more than haunted.
The Fireworks and dog
Something keeps following me everywhere.
Conversation with mom through the door
Omegle mess up
Gramma's Teeth
Autopsy Report
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone
I've answered the door to this trick or treater several times and he won’t leave
My Best Friend's Death Day Celebration
Home Town Horror Stories
That thing
I tried brewing my own Kombucha
My school goes through a battle royale competition every year(Update 2).
My Cat Wants To Kill Me
The Mystery of The Hidden Valley (Part 1)
The all-consuming forehead of Gary Rowles (chapter 1)
Fractured Lens
The True Gods
The day Kevin Fitz was never found (1)
Indlu yokhokhoChai
My Friend Looks Just Like Me. She Wants Me To Enter A Dead World.
Cupid's Stupid-- A Divorce Lawyer's Nightmare
She lives in my basement
Stay away from my husband
Why Splash Mountain Sank
Politicians and bankers need not apply, the new world order.
The Rickety House
Victoriana's Letter
I've Been A Police Detective For Many Years. We Got A Terrifying Call That Led To The Scariest Night Of My Life.
Confessions of the Black Vultures: Origins
New Mexico
The Phone Call (Short story)
Barbro Påle
I work in a hospital that assists supernatural creatures UPDATE 2
The first love is always the hardest to let go of.
There are people who will live forever at the expense of your lives.
The Shower Thing
My Life as a Rapper
A Doctor's Call
Blood Law (Part Five)
He's coming for me...
A Strange Dream
I Don't Want to Join Them
Why is Misery So Funny?
Ashatu the god that gets worshipped by not worshipping him
The problem with earwigs
A Face
A demon stalked me from my window
Finally a lone bang sound is Heard outside of the corridor.
The neighbor who was obsessed with my dog
Excitement
I get Sleep Paralysis, but Sometimes I Don't Know if That's All it is....
My Prop Halloween Skeleton Keeps Showing Up
Endless Eyes
CASE FILE LJH-001-001 : The Cave At Welti Falls
The great depression of March 2021.
A Terrible Accident has occurred at our school, except I don’t think it was an accident
I wish monsters would reveal themselves - Part 2
The Tomes of Blasphemy
A Hitchhiker's diary | PART 1
SCP-6845
ooooo spoopy
Dear reddit, Should I tell the truth?
Fortnite™ Battle Royale Season 9 Teaser Trailer (no. 1)
The Puppeteer
My daughters tale, my own and the cockroach within us all
I worked as a journalist one summer. I investigated a town that was strangely devoted to a volcano.
Just a little hole
My Mother's a Neighbor Might Be A Serial Killer
I’ve been hired to find a lost satanical painting. Unexplainable things have started happening since I began my search. part 3.
Love is Evil and So am I
My paranormal experience with mobile phone.
A dream
Last Night I Kidnapped Myself...
I had made a HUGE mistake...
Dollmaker
Don't sleep. Don't think. Don't stop...
i never stay home alone again
COVID-19 is a warning. A warning of something much, much worse.
The public library has an unused third floor Part Two: Loosen a Fox’s Tongue
Used 2002 VW Passat Wagon forsale.
HE comes once a year (Part 2)
My soul left my body 8 years ago.
Someone put their pp in my bb
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today, me and my friends are checking it out
Treat
There’s this girls scout group that I’ve signed up for, and I think they’re lying about what they put into their cookies...
I was found naked outside of a cave. I don't remember how I got there.
Acts of God are not covered by our policies at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
The Birth of Strobe
Slow Footsteps at Night
I was nearly the victim of a scammer
The house I grew up in
I caught my friend time traveling and I don’t know if I should tell him.
I run a five star free hotel
My Daughters Closet Friend
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 3)
I am not sure if I should've told you this.
Ghost Attack, Haunted house
I'm Looking For You Right Now
Sweage
The man in my basement.
Don't know if I miss her
I could hear a woman call for help
The Passenger Side Window
I work as a monster hunter part 2
Shells in the Sand
Laplace's Demon
I FOUND A LIST OF INSTRUCTIONS IN AN OLD FAMILY BOOK -- AND IF I DON’T FOLLOW THEM SOMETHING TERRIBLE WILL HAPPEN
A story I wrote in 7th grade kinda worded odd nut i thought i would share.
Scary Doritos
Last night, something found me (Part 2)
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you ever get stuck on it
The clock people's eyes.
Just Your Average Story
The day the Messiah returned
The Dead Zone (Part Three)
I went to a funeral that was supposed to be a wedding
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Rule #4 saves me from being an unwilling organ donor
Bourbon Street
Who is on the Other Side of the Phone...???
https://pastebin.com/txei7H7M
The Police Don’t Think My Attacker Was Human... (Part One)
A war we couldn't fight
Running Hotel Hell
We've Created a Monster
Heed old sayings and beliefs. If you know Hindi you'r in luck
There Was Something In The House With Me
I paid an agency to help me fake my own death. It didn't go as planned.
The Theory (part 1)
I’ve some bugs for sale and I think I'm turning into one too
I was looking for a dog on Craigslist
Have you ever wanted to kill someone?
My wife and I are studying local “myths” around our new home.
I had the worst nightmare after playing the ouija board.
Help?
Things are changing back home (part 2)
Those who try to explore the dark web without any protection then you should be reading this.
I'm a taxi driver, and I've seen myself hailing me.
An eerie neoclassical vegan beauty store stole my little sister. Beware of your frequented stores
Something is drawing me back to my hometown
I nutted so hard it put me into the 4th dimension
Alone Time
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 2)
The Strange Cases of a Philadelphia Cop 2/2
We tricked my friend into thinking he woke up in a coffin six feet under. It didn’t go quite as we planned.
Being a middle child is hard...
He is gone.txt (my first "original" creepypasta, probably will be crappy and full of cliches, but please give me a chance to get better, and tell me what i can improve upon in my writing, your advice would be greatly appreciated, so i can create better future horror stories...)
The Cabin On Cherry Road: Chapter 1
Odd toddlers
The Prophet
Pedir permiso
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard.
I've Been Driving For So Long (Part 1)
LSD Red Door/Yellow Door
The First Day of School
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. The greatest risks bring the greatest opportunities.
More stories from Death
Why We Dont Smoke on the Roof Anymore at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
I see the dead before they die (part 2)
I work in a biosafety level 3 laboratory
I inherited a pub in the city and I would do anything to protect my regulars.
"The Memory Experiments" Part 2 Creepypasta
I had a Near-Death Experience. Here's 10 tips that might help you survive yours.
File case 10325 HPD: Hellbound Children.
A fun bedtime story.
SuperMarket Memoirs 18: Did You Hear That
I’m a hit man and I’m on the run from the company (part one)
The screams in my head wont stop!!! They'll never stop until I do what they want...
Something in the way she moves.
Don’t Stop Recording
I work for the anti-cryptid special forces
I Inherited My Grandfather's House and His Nightmare (Part 2)
I don't have schizophrenia, but what else could it be?
My Personal Hell - Dani
Fair rides
66 Kiri Drive
A hearse driver tried to kill me, and that’s not the crazy part. (Pt 1)
There's an air-conditioned armored transport vehicle heading into Hell.
Brittany
I'm so sorry. I really didn't mean to :(
An entity in my childhood home embodied family members.
My real encounter with a Demonic Wolf in the middle of the city.
Who’s that girl?
Chronopasta present
There is something dark following and teasing me help
Something keeps knocking on my doors...
Do not use Ram's head plumbing.
Mother's Cookies
This cold gust of wind makes my gut feel sick
The Arkansas Dirt Road
I survived a plan crash 5 years ago. That was the easy bit (Final)
I'm a police officer and no matter what, don't go outside at night
I died 5 years ago. I'm going to die again soon.
I was messaging a dead boy
I'm a doorman at an elite New York building, and the same man keeps coming in but never leaving.
Stay inside. Don't come in contact or look at the sun.
The Red Tape.
The Nirvana Experiment
This morning I received an email from the future
You want to go back... You need to go back...
Lock the bedroom door before you go to bed
Its just a matter of time
My "imaginary friend" came back, and I'm sure he isn't my friend
Sometimes They Say Things Pt. 3
Sweet Caroline
Death tried to stop me from killing myself. Then despair offered me a deal.
Baku's Bassinet (2)
Just run with the light on.
Occultatum
Hi I am a worker at a secret company who creates hitmen
Dave
Drake presents Gretzky - Taking Lives  (Official Video)
I'm an Escaped Government Experiment (Part 7) FINALE
Story with a ghost
How to Survive Camping: the importance of vetting your ideas
Last night my fiancée tucked me in, he died 4 months ago.
Intriguing question, serious thoughts...
You'll Never Believe what this Woman was Wearing when she was Kicked out of the Water Park!
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Student
That morning, my best friend vanished
Rules of the Night
Help - my MIL has these weird spider minions, and it's getting out of hand.
How my daughter took the life of my wife
Over unity
A Private Number (part four)
I Went to the Bottom of My Swimming Pool and Came Out the Other Side
The snowfalls
My name is Quinton and I have the most amazing luck!
The way back from War
Hotel 1995: The Logs Of Old
I'm a former police officer. I have another unforgettable story to share.
The Haircut
4th Special Forces Group encountered something in west Tennessee, it was pure evil.
A strange cloud appeared over my town, and now everyone is acting weird
Confessions of a Twitch Girl (Final)
My name is Jake Adams, and I am stuck in space.
the ladyWhy weren’t the motion lights turning on? We could hear him dribbling the ball....
I didn’t think this was normal.I was just a child.Part one:The discovery
You’ve Probably Never Heard of Disney’s Abandoned Theme Park in St. Louis, Mo
Santa Deniers Can't Deny This
Why Did I Stay
Mr. No-Eyes
How To Survive The Afterlife Part Two: The Woman Who Does Not Exist
Devine Intervention
My house is under quarantine.
Someone or something followed me back from the forest
I Interviewed A Terrifying Cannibal For The Evening News. I Really Wish I Hadn't.
The recurring dream.
I accepted a dare that I would regret for the rest of my life..
Don't buy a nightlight... here's why
The Nightshift PART I
The World Already Ended Once. It is Happening Again.
The Beach Watcher
The Day The Sun Never Came. (Part 1)
The Man And His Hand
I'm stuck in an alternate reality.
The Room (Short Story)
We Kidnapped A Girl For Ransom. I Still Regret It.
I visited a remote African village, all of the women are impregnated by the same man.
Have You Heard the News?
Whatever Happened to the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline?
I live in a complex that keeps strange beings away from society. My friend has a plan to escape what's coming. (Part 3)
I hunt wendigo's for a living, my last hunt... wasn't a wendigo
The Hat Man.
Don't Mine at Night
It comes for me at night. But now I have a dog
The Game of Escalations
They need to know (more to come)
The Knife...
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart
The Messiah and Antichrist Walk into a Bar...
Kyle: The End
I Resurrected My Father
A skinwalker almost got into my work today.
My roommate is obsessed with ASMR, but now she is doing something illegal in my room while I sleep
Dead Children’s Playground
I regret this..
I think I moved to the wrong area...(part 5)
Of all the ways
My Night at My Haunted School (Part 1)
I Was Born A Monster.
Halloween in November.
I’m never hunting in those woods again
I miss you.
I remember my childhood memories. The ones that we all forget. Now, I can't sleep.
My Horrific Tinder Experience
Has Anyone Noticed The Moon is Getting Bigger?
Chucky
She killed me
The bugs that came from the wall.
Dr. Me
Found a Xbox 360 today! (Part 1)
I've stumbled on something that's eroding my sanity. We must come together to stand against this evil.
I've returned in that place without moving...
I bought a project house in Detroit last year.
Break Time...
my cousin Marco and his house
Yesterday I Killed Four Of My Classmates. Today I Have To Burn Down My School.
I Never Knew It Would Be in My House
The Door in the Wall - Third Post
How I -24F- Lost 70lbs With One Easy Pill
Something chased me on the way back to my apartment
I work at a very abnormal cafe
She watches me when I sleep
This a new sub created as FAQ/AMA for people who are dealing with out of the ordinary &amp; unexplained events to find some help &amp; knowledge.
I'm innocent
POPPY
Minami-Iwo Island Incident (P1 - The Beginning)
My grandfather has a unique sleep cycle. I used it to escape with my life.
Something horrid is hiding deep in the north.
There's a monster under my bed, and I think my sadness causes it pain
The serial killer in the van who comes to my job.
The Tree at the Edge of the Worlds
My parents warned me. #1
Door-to-Door PART 2/2
The Hereafter
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
I live in an apartment building underneath the cemetery. Rent is complicated.
I Tried Past Life Regression and Now Something is After Me
I wished that I knew who I was.
mother and her baby
Sally's Nightmare
My girlfriend is part of an elven cult that worships Santa Claus
My tram drove into a tunnel I never had seen before. Now I’m stuck and I’m losing my memory. (Part 1, If I survive this)
The Murders and Mysteries of Error Hill road (part 6 finale)
Lucid dream. Couldn't sleep afterwards.
My parents live in a town called Wicce
My sister in law keeps posting pictures of her baby on the internet and it's freaking me out (Final Update)
The mind
the time i got locked in a classroom over the half term of school.
Where were you when the world opened its eyes?
The Bathroom Stall
The School’s P.A system was usually broken.. but these announcements shocked me to the core.
The gun on the mantle
The ocean is much deeper than we thought (Part 2)
My Grandpa was a Demon Hunter in Vietnam (Part 1)
I was captured by demons. Now I'm trying to use their legal system to free myself.
The Old Dirt Road
Hello, I am Noelle.
it might just be the devil, coming to get even.
Storm of the Century - Part Two
Never whistle at night, or the dead might think you want them to come for a night
Losing Hope
Pink orchids from Two Shorts of Horror by Brando Stone
A dream that still haunts me.
THE BUN BUNS
Gallows Humor is hard to understand. I'm learning.
Hush
The footsteps keep growing louder
They cant stop me.
I was a security guard who couldn't save people I knew were going to die.
The Astaroth Case Files: Diabolus in Musica
I know what’s going to happen after I die, and I’m terrified
The Dancing Lady Part 2
Ever since I was little I could hear the voice of God
I don’t understand.... help!
It's just a hoax all of it. Right mom?
it was there for 3 hours
I live with my old babysitter. She stopped babysitting for a reason
I didn't murder them.
Below The Ice
Think of an extraterrestrial..done? That's probably another version of you, and other planets? Just other versions of earth.
My new alarm clock is not normal
Come check my first ever rules of horor post
Making a Living w/ Your Passion: The Things I Didn't Learn In Art School
My name is Zoe Hernandez and I just woke up from a terrible car accident
DISCORD FOR ALL MY FRIEND WHO DIDNT LIKE TO SLEEP!
I run an Air BnB. it’s free, but it has some unusual rules. Part 5: The PaparboyMy Grandfather Told Me A Hunting Story
The Little Trick Or Treater At My Door
The Ghost Town I Moved To
WHISPERS IN THE WIND
Uno
The Horror From Hillington
The Rush (Part 1)
Dave is coming for.
The corona virus isn’t a virus
Bumps In The Night Pt. 1
The Place Where Forgotten Dreams Go
Death wouldn't halt them.
How I Lost My Son (Part 1)
Why every thing stopped making sense
The Haunted Grave: A Local Legend Realized
Knocking from a coffin
Shadow Person Encounter While Camping
Exploding head syndrome
The New Kid In School Is Not A Kid Nor A Human (Part 1#)
My experiences living on Earth after you die.
The voices at night.
I Stayed With My Aunt Who I'd Never Met Before. I Know Now What She Was Trying To Do To Me.
Found a missing wallet
Therapy
My brother and I encountered a very strange woman while at deer camp
The cemetery I worked at had on rule, don't let them dig.  "The Curse"
Congratulations! You have won the jackpot of $6,000,000!
I found a report on a disturbing lost play by an Ottoman Poet: Rah-ı Azâp
THE HOUSE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FOREST
Have you ever wondered if there is multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying - He found me
A Needle &amp; Thread: Part 2
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!I Used to be a Stay at Home Mom
the masked creep
The Black Demon
I keep hearing knocking at night, and I finally check it out.
My Halloween date with a Skinscribe
I'm a teenage monster hunter, and you wont believe what I've seen. Part 1
Help! I’m stuck in a city of all women... and the Queen is insane!!
I watched a movie about my life, which had a horrible ending. Threatening the production studio was the biggest mistake of my life.
it happened, i dont know what, but it happened
I am the night guard at my local subway station. I finally finished my first shift
The Black Mist
I found out my dad killed for money
Can sleeping with a bright light affect REM sleep?.
I fired my colleague. He never left.
NOT FOR PUBLIC VIEWING
Don't Go Into The Woods This Halloween
Trapped in an App
My relationship is deteriorating
Vampire
A guy came into my coffee shop the other day and I made the mistake of looking him in the eyes.
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me about the first case that made him consider a different career
A Story From a Small Town
The fate of the Labyrinth
Uncle Jacob's Farm
Orphanage mother died. Please help us.
I Can See People's Sins
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part eight, FINAL)
Something is Happening in this school. Something Bad.
One Penny
The Other Side of the Puddle
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash but I know otherwise... part 3
I don't know the rules to my strange apartments, but I need to follow them
There hasn’t been a pregnancy here in 8 years
Boogie man haunting me
Unexplainable
I need to warn you about the Children's Wish Shop.
Gwendolyn - Part 2
The House of Dolls
Threshold
Report of an abandoned fishing yacht found off the Hawaii coast (Part 1)
The storm
The soothsayer's curse
J Is For Jason 《2》
The Beast of the Appalachians
I Can’t Help Being Perfect
Point Pine's newest visitor came with a warning
Sea Monkeys Have My Family And I’m Locked In My Room!
Tales From a Small Town: The monsters in the mountains aren't the only danger in there
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. If I have a son when I grow up, I’ll put two locks on mine.
Strange strangers
I'm stuck here, Please, help me
There’s a Hot Air Balloon hovering overtop my house
My Dog, Buddy or so what I thought was my dog.
About the church I went to in Georgia
I found a diary in the forest. I have written it on reddit for you guys.
Into the night.
The Black Silhouettes
The house-a dream diary
Someone please tell me if my dad made a HUGE mistake!!
My friend is staying with a host family aboard and I got this email....
I was held at gunpoint for a strange reason at a strange time
The girl I met on Tinder won't stop taking photos
Warehouse Walker
Lovecraft did not Write Fiction - Part 1
The Match
Raventown Part Four
The Case of Emily Peter (Part One)
There's a half-dead man living on my lawn, and he's been there for months
I used to see monsters in my sleep. Now I can't sleep, and they've become real.
Is this a weird Halloween prank or should we call the police?
The End
9:36 pm
I see the dead before they die (Part 1)Why I Murdered my Best Friend
I am the sole resident of a tall house, deep in the woods. You cannot find me; these things will never let you.
Have you ever woken up plastered to the wall from a nightmare?
My Skin Transplant Donor Does Not Exist
I saw that thing and it saw me
What Airline Pilots Don't Tell Us About the Clouds
Teletubies lost episode
It's Behind You
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 9
I'm A Sheriff In A Small Town That Ain't Quite Right- Part 2- A Screamin In The Cupboards
My first horror novelThe Ones I Keep (Part 1)
Friends Ex tried to hunt me down
My Girlfriend and I Went on a Trip, Something Came Back with Us
Foie Gras
I’ll Be Awake All Night
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 2
The Nazi
The clown in my Township
An Unknown Attempted Break-In
If you visit Redwood National Park, do not stray from the beaten the path!
How to Survive Camping: Rule #1 - yes, finally gonna talk about this one
6 days ago
I lost my friend inside a mansion. Then I found him with his eyes missing.
March 2020 contest nominations
Do dogs understand what an accident is?
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 4/6
The Killing of a Sacred Fetish pt.I. (Trigger Warning)
I was an Airline Pilot for thirty years, and I have some stories to tell.  FINAL
Ride the Lightning- Interview 1
I'm a child psychologist, and my 10 year old patient murdered his family
The Holder
Heard a creepy Angel Choir in the middle of the night ( About 3-4 AM I believe )
He got Chucked
The record that burned down my house..
Nonfictionary experience, that happened about 5 years ago.
A weird creature showed up in my backyard. Now people in my town are dying. (Part 2???)
The music won’t stop, something weird is going on....
NO ONE LEAVES THE VILLAGE AT NIGHT, I FINALLY KNOW WHY
Letters from Death Row inmate 10631 (part one)
Scary Roblox Story...
I used to be skeptical but now I believe.
Farmer Brown
The hurry
Our infant baby boy gave me and my wife permission to go back to being child free again
I used to love going to sleep. Now I never want to again.
I work at a daycare, but I don't take care of children. This sub might be my only chance for advice.
Working at an amusement park: unsuccessful backstabbing
Catacombs
All I Saw Was Red ... part 2 of 3
A Trip in a Haunted Car
I took lucid dreaming pills, please do NOT make the same mistake
Level 4 Test Lab Transmission 20615/22-1
From the Mouth of Babes - Part One
THERE'S SOMETHING STILL DOWN THERE. IT'S AFTER ALL OF US.
I inherited a Wild West model town. The showdown is over.
The sandman, the devil, and of course me.
Don't Let The Antiquer Know You're Lost
Abusive friend
theirs somthing in the woods
I work in a gas station on the edge of nowhere. Something strange just happened.
I think I died and now my dog hates me.
I’m slowly being eaten alive through my nightmares
Robbie treats all of his best friends really well
My First Time or The Attic
Something happened to my friend in that hallway
The Camel's Back
My encounter with it
I'm writing this to honor a dying wish
Decay (Part 6)
The green light that is haunting
Look at my eyes.
Airborne Nightmare
Mr. Whispers
I hear it
The Goodenow Sphere
It Struck The Silent Ones. Obey Your Curfew.
Hi I'm Legit supplierThe Gaping Maw
I've heard my voice several times now when I'm not talking, and so have my mom and my roommate.
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 3 FINALE
My Dad's job was Hell, now it's my turn.
2 Bodies, Same person
Phaedra by Tangerine Dream (1974) - On Music (series)
The Darkness , the fear , the end
Tall Couple
When we first moved in it was haunted
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage.
There’s a house everyone in town avoids at all costs. My friend and I broke in and discovered why.

My Childhood nightmare
Are YOU Afraid of the Dark?
About the girl in my trunk.
I’m leaving this thread
Welcome to the otherside
Sometimes the lurker starts appearing.
My therapist is a manipulator.
Finally feel confortable sharing my Narrations
An Endless Cycle
Mr. Lore: The liberation of Faust I
The van (#1)
Hellspawn
He came knocking
THE DOLL STUD UP!!
Why won’t the man in the television die?
Something took them, and now they walk the ocean as lost soulsThe "truth" fairy
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard
Always alone but never alone
Just when I thought life was good, this happens.
The Short Film
I was once visited by a moth-shaped demon...
The Spooks
I was always afraid of the shadows and now I know why (Pt. 1)
I think my body switched dimensions last night, but my roommate's daughter is the only one who seems to notice
Be sure to close your closet door before going to sleep
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 6/6
My house sitter broke the rules, and she paid the price.
(Extremely short story) Poltergheist
Stories from the Asian culture ( 1 )
The Suicide CurseYou Have Arrived at Your Destination
20 Grand
I Know What Your Cat Sees When It Stares At Nothing
don't look back...
Mike Danger and the Hamburger
It's all your fault
My grandpa's parrot keeps shouting weird stuff at me
The girl who couldn’t talk.
A meteor was supposed to wipe life on Earth, but it missed
Roblox adopt me CreepypastaIt's Cold Outside
building of the dead
Failure to Commit Suicide
Pep Rally!
Warmth
I work in a Fertility clinic part 5. Final update
I am a professional voyeur
The Thing.
Did I briefly slip through time? What glitch did I experience?
I’m not sure if this is allowed but I’m asking for some help finding two stories from along time ago!
Wind chimes (Original Creepypasta)
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 5: Just Because You're Paranoid Doesn't Meant They're Not Out to Get You
Lose 30 pounds a month without change in diet with 80% off time limited offer
There was a Cabin in the Woods
The story of Edgewood
Always Look New Workers in the Eye
DO NOT ASTRAL PROJECTLet's get Physical!
Don't Ever Believe Yourself
Memoirs of an innocent man.
I stumbled upon a wicked guide for my peculiar new hometown
"Hold on, Nitram went to go get the Gameboy!"
The woods of Sweden
My friend experiments on humans and I was a victim
Every night, I hear a woman singing outside my window. The last thing she said has kept me from sleeping.
Does anyone know how to get to PlainTown?
Chronicles From A Hidden World: The Town of Toys
If you get a text from this number never respond to it!
I saw movement in the church. I shouldn’t have gone in.
I miss my sister
The Stoneclaws
I fell into a Coma and refuse to tell anybody what happened, I’m breaking it out to Reddit only.
Cry
Rafeville
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 3)
my name is Kat and I work in a fire watch tower
So I'm not crazy!!
I was Sent to The Happy Place
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it.
I’m a therapist and my patient told me she sees dead people. After relating her experience to me, Now I can too.
My grandparents are really bad people (part 3) FINALE
Willfully Sick
Don't you dare look in the mirror
I woke up this morning and my hands weren't mine.
A Private Number (scene 1)
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part three)
My second day at Disney World is unsaturated underneath. (2)
Hunters
Log In 1.
I think I’m cursed
Something crawled in my ear. Now It won’t leave, and its talking to me
My Dog’s Secret (Part 2)
What beauties are hiding in true north korea?
A Way Out
The time I encountered by a demon p/1
Something's Wrong With My Cat (Part 1)
The Horns from Hell
Always Waiting
I had dreams of a dead kid during my pregnancy.
I can teach you to pick up women! Just read this guide....
Fear The Unnerving
The Golden Monkey
Sories from a line cook part 4
My Brother Made Himself Disappear
the best books in 2019
Why do I get so scared at night sometimes?
(R/NoSleep) I am about to go a haunted forest, and i may not make it out alive.
I can’t sleep, I know my house housemates are plotting my intervention
The voice is back, I cannot lose control
My neighbour is stood in my garden and I'm afraid to look away.
If the number 911 calls you don’t answer UPDATE
I never use my turn signal
A.T.E. (Part 1)
Reup with corrections and notes removed.
This Was Not a Normal Case of COVID
There is people in the beaches at quarantine
The Bedite Borrows
My Parents Tell Me I Have Schizophrenia, Now I’m Not So Sure
I used to get love letters tucked inside fortune cookies.
In my Head (a short story)
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 3)
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road (Part 2)
“Alquaranth-zll” THE MOST POWERFUL BEING IN ALL OF EXISTENCE
Do you want to try a real ritual?
I did my own autopsy
This horrible feeling of danger
Blue HouseI don't really see any realistic horror story in this reddit community ...
i just wanna pee on the floor
It's Summertime, and my brother is crazy.
The Sound Upstairs
The caves.
Are there actuallly any other stories apart from Borrasca, Penpal, or the Left/Right Game? Please help. Please.
Is this heaven?
My friends and I keep getting weird voicemails. May or may not be a prank
Was one eye better than two? (Part 2)
I have a habit of picking scabs. I will never pick one ever again after today.
Don't go to sleepCasen
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules
The vision of the church - part 3
I think I found something hidden deeply in the internet. I think it's alive.
This is tester #081687 LET ME OUT
The soul of the woods
The lamp in my room keeps getting closer.
“In case I should die, burn this journal. The contents within are to remain unknown.”
Comfort Care
Trapped in Europe
there is some sort of "thing" that lives in my grandma's backyard
I found a phone but I don't know who to call for help
The Narrow Hallway
There’s something weird about my new house. (1/?)
Anyone know this sound effect?
They tried to stop me.
They aren’t in Area 51.
You have 27 hours left to live.
Outbreak of crazy ghost roaming inside sewage
The elsa doll
I often fall into a different realm and I need your help.
I didn’t mean it Mommy.
Nightmares of an Amnesiac (Part 1)
My Demon-Infested Basement
Hey guys? The math teachers acting strange
The Obsidian Cat
My family has been acting strange.
I should have put her in a home
- {A conversation to no one} (Curious?)
Music video about nightmares
I played the elevator game without consent
My friend is still here but that's not her (creepypasta)
When the town smells like cinnamon, you know someone just died
I went to a party and now I’m on the run (part 1)
I work at a fire lookout tower and I’ve seen some crazy stuff (4)
Students in my University couldn’t go home for the holidays. I don’t think I’m safe (part 4).
The head of our town is craving the smell of death
I'm staying in a hotel down in Tennessee for job training. There a odd set of rules in the bedside pamphlet. (Part 2)
My internship at Liminal inc.
We’re Trapped in a Purgatory Full of Glitches and It’s Terrifying As Hell
My Office at Night
Umbrellas
The Sword in the Stone(((1)))
I've been working at a mental hospital and it is driving me insane
That middle-of-night insomnia
the man in black
The Trailer  - The Witch
I really love my House
Saying "Sorry about the mess" while deliberately having a clean area will immediately impress anyone.
The Man With Burning Eyes
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 3)
Cottage Story
Please Don't Summon Them
I died 5 years ago. I'm going to die again soon. (Part 2)
TikTok killed my family
My town is a little strange (part 3)
The Bride.
The Black Blobs
I work at a bakery with kind of strange clientele
Letter to the girl with the purple shoes, you said hi to me on the bus :) I miss you.
The Imposter
We went on a vacation
A Peculiar Suit of Armor.
not sure what to do
The Pervert
The stalker (my first story) (not a true story)
Ghastly Gaurds
This Disputed Property has some... Strange Ground Rules
My family moved to a new house. I've found a book that I think will save their lives. (3)
Some dreams are not meant to be shared.
A gift for myself.
Mr. Motorbike
There was something wrong with this video game
Stories from a line cook part 2
My Grandfather was a Guard in a Concentration Camp... Here's what he witnessed
I know who's been digging in the cemeteries, and you shouldn't look for them.
Frame - People Are the Worst
Sometimes a Trip To Chernobyl Can Be Beautiful........ and Dangerous
My brother had the most terrific field trip of his life, he's not the same since then.
I Can't Stop Dreaming About Them
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 3)
My ears perk up whenever something unfamiliar is near; so why have they been up for the past 5 days?
I got hired to write rules for strange jobs, now my job has its own set of strange rules
I have flashback dreams that aren’t mine - The Woman in the Woods
The Man in The Woods
Granddad
My trip to Disneyland turned into a living nightmare
My Grandma Said Something Strange
There's something outside my door
The things in the dark
There's lights in the sky
u/okayguy14
Astral projecting isn't as fun as some think part 1
I'm Burdened with saving the world from a Pandemic /part 2
Everyone was gone, and it was all my fault.
A Pale Face Lives In The Waters of Venice.
my start with paranoid schizophrenia
I found a Road to Nowhere. You can too.
Nightmares: Stage 1, The Hospital and the set of rules.
4/10
I looked into her eyes.
I work as private armed security on a construction site overnight, and I'm seeing things that...don't make sense. (Part 3)
The Trailer Trash Gang Find A Clearing in the Woods... (Part 2)
I'm a 'phony' paranormal investigator, and I'm in over my head.
Somebody at my university is uploading horrifying recordings from a lecture theatre that doesn’t exist
The Black Files: Case 1 - The Little Lord (Videotape)
I had a sleep paralysis hallucination, it took my roomate
I told someone their story on r/nosleep was bad and then my parents died
Embarrassment or ethical dilemma or courage
In case I don't come back (update 11)
We Call Him Wolf
I Bought a Vintage Hydra and Now Fire Follows Me
Lemonade
God gave me two choices so I became a Spirit of Sickness (Part 1)
I Broke My Own Rules (Part One)
The Care Home.
Fisher House
There is somebody outside
Poisoned Potato Salad
The Inner Limits
To The Person Who Moved Into My Old Homeno sleep music
I took a job on a haunted Airplane, and then was given a list of rules.
I got lost in a dressing room...
Shaffer National Park
I painted the world white and everything is perfect.
Straight to VHS: Sunday Dinner
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 3)
All these efforts for some youtube clickbait.
They grow so fast
Wireless Printer
The Schools Muppet
My little daughter writes dark and disturbing stories and it is very concerning to me.
I don't want to be afraid
Let’s raise a glass to Cara
Old Man Marley
The spirits in my house are getting louder. They wont stop talking.
Anyone remember Rap Rat
What belongs to the Earth, must return. (Part 1)
A tale of a ship lost at sea.
DEAD ZONE
The woman that follows me
My Baby Teeth Came In
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and the HOA is Becoming a Dictatorship.
Traveling to a friends house. In a different dimension
The people who watch me sleep are coming after you now
Will this app cause you to die a few hours later?
The Day The Earth Expelled Us
Someone walked into my room but it wasn’t a person
Sparky's Shoes
A Bachelor to Die For, Week One
El hotel de las 9 personas , Dia 1
Don't look at the man wrapped in plastic
I think I might be a criminal...
YouTube
The blue cats stare.
I’m an exotic animal dealer and I sell things that you didn’t know existed: How I started out.
Sleepless nights on a shared bed
You may see an old school bus driving around your city. I'll tell you why you will never see the passengers.
I was watching a security tape of one of my cop friends interviewing a victim of gun violence. I'm not entirely sure what happened.
WARNING!!!SCARY FOOTAGE FOUND FROM 90's CAMCORDER
Introduction: Insomnia
There's a lady on the tree.
I’m stuck in a school with
I was camping during forest fire season when I found a burned-out mystery town crawling with giant corpse-hunting mole-rats (Part 1)
The disappearances
Bacchanalia
I wished I could live another life - that mistake has cost me (part 1)
The Shape
My roommate keeps waking me up with his anime watching.
I woke up in the woods and I don't know how I got here.
Moving on after the death of my wife and daughter seemed impossible, but I’ve found something that took all the pain away
I'm a lawyer, and I think my new clients are going to eat me.
Tlyth #1
The Legend Of Angels Run
My House Still Wants me Dead
I stay away from the forests for a reason
Life isn't as good
I Went In One of Those Submarines That Go Down to the Ocean Floor, I Don’t Want What I Heard
We Found Something Beneath the Waves
I use mannequins to fill every empty seat and chair in my flat to keep Dr no one at bay
Satan Is Real And We Hooked Up Behind A Wal Mart
Forty years ago, my grandmother trapped a witch in a mirror
Si-81924 | The Simulator
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part III: The Scarecrows
For years, a man came into my room in the middle of the night and watched me sleep
A Can of Spaghettios Followed Me Home
Tic Tac Toe
The Mysterious Disappearance of Samantha Moore (Part 2)
A new webcam..
Not a story or anything, but do you think it's scary people might not have lived to make posts here?
Room 336: All Good Girls Go to Hell
Sunday Morning are not that great anymore!
Some things I noticed while walking at night
The summer of ooze
The Memory Experiments /Part one/
My body isn't mine
I’m training to become an Explorer of Realities, and I think I might have killed a God
She wanted to play a game
I'm a shapeshifter and I've been on the run for three years.
We Summoned Something
My first day on the job at Disney World and I'm already a thief. (3)
My friend is not human......
I got an old teddy from a stranger, and a list of rules for survival
My Eyes Said Death
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out.
I love my son, but I am terrified of what he does in his sleep. PART 2.
My Great Great Grandfather Served in WWI, but I was Never Allowed to Read His Diary, I Now Know Why (posted again because formatting issues)
Does anyone know what happened to Jubilee, Pennsylvania???
Grandpa Joe
A Guide to Murdering Me (Part 2)
What the fuck just happened to me?
Four Legged Freak, or, That One Small Town in America Where The People Are Dying to Leave
Linny The Perpetual Girl-Thing
What lives in the hole in the wall in the basement of my childhood home. PART TWO
I Visited My Childhood Summer Home Years After a Tragedy
I Can See People's Sins Pt. 3
Something followed me from the church
Abrazamozas
I saw a weird ritual and now Im scared of a baby
Can't sleep.
I've had the same dream for three days
Alone In My Possibly Haunted HouseI took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow – The first night.
Im stuck in the security room and I can't call for help
The Raid
Lockdown Procedures at White Lake Middle School will remain in effect until further notice
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Two)
I Need to Call a Plumber
Malware Notice – Your System Is Affected
Does anyone know how to handle a demon?
The black widow hotel grants you one wish. Even if you don't ask for it.
I found a diary while hiking a mountain. What I saw on the diary sent a chill to my spine.
Possession at St. Montgomery’s Retirement Home.
Why I don't walk home after dark
A nightmare of Other Earth (prelude)
Sloth
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 7)
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART ONE
The Mailbox
MONANDER
A creepy guy showed in my back door
Do you know the mildew man?
My Family Has a Strange Tradition
I received an unexpected call in the middle of the night from my co-worker.
The Mirror Devil
trying to grind and grow
The Parasite Man of the Amazon
Don't Talk to Strangers Full series
This mindfulness exercise made me reconnect with an old friend
The E-Girl
My Patient Warned Me, I Didn’t Listen.
Miami isn't safe anymore
Friendship doesn't exist... Alone is better
This is how much PredictMag users are making
The Beating Heart
join my among us discord :D
Hands up
I remeber something i dont think im supposed to
The Black Box
The Infommercial
Those were the days
A Child Appeared In My Friends House
𝚠𝚘𝚗𝚝 𝚌𝚘𝚖𝚎 𝚋𝚊𝚌𝚔 𝚢𝚎𝚝
"That actually takes such a seedy nutjob."
I think I saw my future daughter die
Paranoia is a warning not an instinct
Imaginary Friends
Microsoft Could Bring You Back From The Dead... As A Chat Bot
I had sex and now I regret it
Why I refuse to go back to the village where I grew up (part I)
The Monster That I Love
Justine can’t sleep.
An encounter at the ECOT house
The Happy Pills
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age twelve, I learned that nobody around me would ever be safe again.
Wax
What’s your scariest true stories
The Corpus Arcade- Hammer Slammer
The light comes when I’m trying to sleep
Lake Lucid Light - Sunset Sight (Theodore Allmand)
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part two.
I answered a call but they had the wrong number
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals ADMINISTRATOR RECOVERY ATTEMPT 001
this is my first time opening up like this but here is my story. (its a little long but i hope you read it)
My Sleep Paralysis Demon isn't like the Rest PT:3
The mirror in the addic
Call to the Void
Black spot girl
I worked at an abnormal sleep lab in college. These are my notes. Part: Subject C
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission what i found was not human PT2
I have a dream that likes ro replay itself
I live in a community in the middle of nowhere my house came with a set of rules
ALPHA TEST:::10 1 14 . 10 x 1 + 5
Ellie
I once heard a dirty joke about getting lost in a forest. I'm starting to think it wasn't a joke after all.
The voices torment from within
I’ll always be there for you....
hehehehehe
My life didn’t turn out the way I thought it would
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries.- FINAL
the crawl space
Miss Maggie
The Owl and the MonarchThat's not gum stuck underneath the table
Buy SoundCloud Accounts - Buy Email Verified SC Accounts
I'm the Guy Who Writes the Rules
I interviewed the survivors of a mass suicide. My last broadcast will never air.
Birds Send Her Flowers and Take Away Her Children
Leviathan
I found a journal entry written by my deceased schizophrenic patient (PART 2)
I THINK I HAVE FIGIRED OUT WHAT HAPPEND TO MARS
Something is happening or going to happen in my town... and it’s definitely not something good
First performance anxiety is the absolute worst.
Don't stop running
The Atlantic Giant
Scary thing happens at 3am while watching Reddit video of people talking about scary things happening at 3am
I lost my best friend of 18 years to suicide today
A Bad Omen
I committed suicide, and am now reliving the same day.
Wanna make creepy asmr!!!!
It Begged Me To Let It In
Creepy unknown stalker
crows and nightmares are normal or iam loosing it?
Always say yes
The Habitsville Planetarium Presents: A Night Amongst The Stars
Sinclair Stories: Riverdale Road
2:20am
The Dark Piramid
Before I kill myself!
Seal the WellWhy did the chicken cross the road?
My boss called me in... only he didn’t
When our town was on quarantine, many wild creatures roamed the emptied streets. Not all of them were animals…
I work in an orphanage, except nobody here ever gets adopted.
I’m not sure what’s going on but I think I need help.
Today I will be narrating a creepy story, accepting submissions.
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you get stuck on there
Clarity, and Other Things Beyond Peter's Reach
I know things. By “things” I mean that I know the future.
It's not me
I Knew a Kid With a Really Long Tongue
Henry (Part Two)
I came across a town called "No-where."
The sun hasn’t come up In 7 days
I'm Trapped In My Bathroom. My Reflection Won't Stop Smiling At Me.
My stepmother trapped me inside a music box when I was 9. For the first time in over 20 years, I’ve found a way to make contact with the outside world.
God is alive, and I heard his broadcast on my radio.
I'm never having an MRI scan again.
The Weird Accounts of a Secret Mars Expedition
I did marijuana JUST ONCE, and now my life isn’t how I remembered it to be - PLEASE send help
I'm a religious person. I just can't remember which god I believe in.
“Do you remember the toy Teddy Ruxpin??”
The terrifying stillness.
My brother is creepy
Does anyone have the audio file for the midnight ice cream trucks jingle?
Ghosts of the past
Our dog went missing. Then it returned with a doll in its mouth.
Kat's Meow
What did i do god?
It went bad. It went really, really bad.
The end. The beginning.
Nicki Minaj Called Me (Part 1)
Room 330: No Cancellations. Ever.
Something is Wrong With my Great Grandmother
I fight ancient beings and I have some stories, Part 2 of 3.
My bestfriend wrote me a note, he died when he was 11
Don't pick up strangers parts 1 +2
The Farm House Basement
The Time I Was Locked in the Basement With the Ghost of A Girl That Was Murdered There
You were in the wrong place, huh?
Something's wrong with my foot but everyone else insists my foot is fine?
Something in the lake is eating our reflections.
The Eyes Have It
I thought i only witessed a suicide
My Roommate Saw a Nun in the Bathroom. It tried to kill me. (Part 1)
‘Til Death do us Part
I've witnessed a suicide attempt
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why.
The CloudStalker
Chickie Nuggies
Share
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast
The scariest dream I've ever had
The Future Is Flawed...
On The Day The Earth Turned Upside Down..
My Ex Won’t Leave Me Alone...She Died 3 Weeks Ago
The modern hell
Where Were You Last Night?
Bumblebee Campers
Being Sued For Destruction Of Property, Video explains it....
I work overnights at a truck stop... this place is strange Pt 1: the truck
Monster and Me: The Abandoned Road
With Careful Eyes
The Beginning: Ghost boy and his lover. Patient- Zane Murray.
In 1961, Russian scientists have made the first teleporter. Teleportation is not what you think it’s like.
The world is in trouble
Angel Huntin
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
I think there's a cult behind my grandparents house.
It Follows... (1)
Crazy old lady in the woods
A horrifying epidemic is about to strike all living organisms
The Happiest Place Stole My Little Brother (Part 3) (FINAL)
I’m scared lol
Hey there, I'm Death.I'm in the cemetery after dark. The moon is full but my life is empty.
When I was 11 Years Old, I Played a Possessed Gameboy
Coelum Express, 7 Plagues Resort at Mount Ortu
I saw something sinister through the window of the home across from me..
The Tragic Tale of Emily Jonson
SCP-2718
The Truth Was Hidden Behind The Walls
We visited the cemetery on werewolf road
Viscera
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor
Ư̵̧̢̗̼̮͕͎͙̦̋͒̏̏̏͛͜ņ̶̘̳͎̤̟̣̿̇͆̈́͊̇͠͠a̵̺͛̅͑͗͒̿͊ţ̴̡͕̯̠̱̫̹̩̀̏̏͌͜ͅu̴͚͈̹̓̓̍͒͆̈́̿̆͘͠͝r̷̨̖̝̞͙̟͉̮̟͓͋̑́̒̂́͐ą̵̣͇͉͋̂̏̂̽͜ľ̶͈̯̦͇͕̇͠ part 1
I’ve Gotten Texts From my Dead Boyfriend for Five Years. He’s in my House Right Now.
Mary Cotton (Part 1)
I died and reset again. This time someone took my warning seriously.
Ms.Patterson Was My High School Librarian
Could someone write a scary story for me?
Why I nailed up my windows and stopped wearing glasses
She got my attention.
Challlllllenge
The Room At The End Of The Hallway..
The ‘Gift’
Obtained a laptop from my aunt. I don't know what to do next.
Looking for anyone who witnessed this disturbing human puppet show
The Man.
I share a house with ghosts
I can hear the rythm again and I am scared I might be trapped on it forever.
Strange work as a forester
Yt learned me to much about the darkweb.....
I moved into a new house 5 years ago and Iv'e Been Noticing Some Strange Things.
The Cabin near the Cave
Tales From a Paranormal Childhood: There's a Pooka in the Living Room
The Green Man Almost Killed Us
Aura
I'm on the Highway to Hell.
Do not heed the Herald's call
The Journey
Theres been an outbreak in my town, and now he'll has broken loose.
Indiana House Bill 1372 for the year 2020
The Hypnotist
Exploring haunted houses. My worst mistake.
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 9)
Be Careful What You Buy From Markets
I think something from the factory followed me home...
...And The Wolves Kept Howling
A Policeman’s Last Call
Rainy nights.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
I never thought I'd see the day that the White House burned to the ground...
My new dog is scaring me.
Theres a Creature in my house, please help! (Section #2)
I love my job and I feel like I'm dying
gallows hill 4 // dudleytown
Stuck in the house under quarantine
ALL I WANT TO DO IS DIE
I think my neighbor murdered his family.
Fuck
snow fever
SCP-053 : The Young Girl : Euclid - Foundation Reading
My “friend” almost murdered me.
There's someone following the women in my family, and it's my turn.
I took my dog Noodles on a hike, but I'm not sure I brought the same dog back
Its hunting us
An Uninvited Guest Came On Our Field Trip...  Hotel
I have a strange friend.
If a creature named Puddles appears to you, don't tell anyone
I know this is not a story but I actually had no sleep last night
my creepy story?
I’m at peace. I’m lying in bed, dreaming about meeting my girlfriend again and I’m in hopes of a good dream.. but something.. something is up..
The audience is your god
I Don't Know What Happened, But It Creeped Me Out
Beyond (part 2)
I Was A Station Master and I Saw A Train that Wasn't Supposed to be There
The shadows come and get you
Don't Go Down The Hall At 2AM
There is nothing left.
HOSPITAL story
Went looking for my cat, found something else. Part I
i will Animate your horror Story.
They came from my ears
Terms and Conditions (PT 2)
Rules Of Halloween
A man with a thick accent watched me and my friends today
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - SUBREPORT #0004 - THE CHRISTMAS CAROLS
They keep talking about “Him”
I am stuck in a train.
Joe the ghost
I'm not sure if I'm losing my mind, or if something more sinister was going on here.....
Illusions and Delusions
Safe
I think something else is living here with me...
I met a man who knew the secret to never growing old. He carried it in a box.
Thanatophobia
Nuckelavee
the caves
If I ever die you have to know they came for me!
A message in a bottle
If you have a bed frame, read this
In 2063, we'll meet our neighbors on the moon Part 1
Someone is in my roof
An Octopus Ate My Mom
My terrifying experience in the Italian Republic
The magician whom we almost killed
Sorry don't know what subreddit to put this on/
My Parents Were Killed In Mitsuda, OR
What my friend and I found on his deceased grandfathers property
Patty Pie and the Pointy Shoes
Incubus
It's been almost a month since I was last able to get good nights rest
When they come for me
I Convinced My Friends That One Of Us Has Schizophrenia.
My dead husband has been resurrected as a dry erase marker and he's running out of ink
Something or someone has been taking over while i sleep
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 2)
Black Windows: A real pop party
I found out what happened to my co-worker....
Cemetery happenings
Forest Service Patrol
Ban me
Few days ago, 7 female human skeletons of pre teen girls who were found in farm of my friend's grandpa.
Why You Should Believe in Santa
Always keep bug spray on you.
Don't open your eyes! He visited me while I was sleeping!?!
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 3)
This is why you don’t fuck around with the ionosphere
A mysterious man keeps showing up at my work. I finally learned the truth about him.
I thought I was sick
My best friend has a different sister every year.
Someone's Been Following Me
I'm a manger for an archipelago resort and we have a disturbing list of rules to follow
I’m slowly going insane after seeing something outside my window
All the signs were there. I should have paid attention.
I have built the world's tallest Skyscraper for reasons I cannot properly explain in ways that sound normal.
I talked to a haunted toy motorcycle
He liked to sing.
We tried to play God
I found a patient's notebook buried in the rubble of an old asylum (Part 3 - Final)
That big hole in our backyard (Part 1)
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying pt.2
Am experience I had hitchhiking outside Duluth Michigan
The smell was the first sign of it. I should have acted sooner.
Papa Stopped Going To Church
I think there's something living in my sink
I made up a monster to bug a friend. Now I think it's following me.
i’m trapped in my house and don’t have much time left.
I spread
Clone
I can see your future, Mr. Ivers.
Mom was right.
I've been to the sea down in Georgia.
I woke up in a forest I don't know where the hell I am(pt1/?)
Card #235 - echo on servers
My affair with a witch
I visited the glow-worm caves in New Zealand, but I think something followed me back.
Any Tips for Surviving the Nightshift?
The Cavern of Stars
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 18
I'm Surrounded by NightmaresEver since this strange man showed up, nothing has ever been the same.
I'm Beginning to Think This Urban Legend Podcast is About Me
Personal Hell (A Short Story)
I’m an excavator in Russia. I think we uncovered something huge.
I decided to uncover my sister's secret.I wish I hadn't... (PART 9) (Finale)
Calling all podcast lovers
Small town life isn't so bad. Part 2. The Incident
I Was Held In A Secret Concentration Camp (Part 1)
Nightmares man.
The Tree and the Bell
My little daughter...
I went undercover and discovered something I shouldn't have
I had bought a pile of items that a dead person owned. Now I regret it.
The Evil Of Barrison Plantation
recurring dream
The last words of Adrian Bernard Robinson
My whole life, I never had a "real" birthday. During my right of passage, I found out why.
Because of a hex now i can only talk in rap.
Someone left their cellphone in my store. I shouldn't have unlocked it. Part III
I buried a loved one in the backyard
The Place loves you. So much.
help me to grow this app
The man in the hoodie
Crawling beyond Reality
Fire
The Funeral
Save 70.0% on select products from Amuoc with promo code
The Stolen People
Blackwoods Bend Part Eleven - The Possession
My concept of time is beginning to slip down here.
Stay Out of the Woods in the Alleghenys After Dark
Only passenger.
The Summoning
Don’t forget the Rolaids!
"A kid in my class never talked, I never found out why"
Gosh darn it you're stuck in a well!
I killed myself about a decade ago. Here's what happened.
I work at a supermarket security guard but not for the reason you expect: The watcher and the phrase
The Peculiar Outbreak on East Timber Parkway
My Grandparents House
I saw a photo of scp 096, am I gonna die
I’m 100% OK
Guns and Arrows
I have a test on the History of Magic in two days and currently passing this off as studying. AMA!
my mom has been waiting to kill me part 1
Cassandra's Journal
i need someoens help
Sure, Anti-Vaxxers Are Bad... But Have You Met My Aunty Vaxxers?
Why you shouldn't open a sealed door
He really really loved peanut butter
I saw a white inexplicable light (part 1)
Paradise Hotel
I can't sleep without my rabbit, Pt. 1
Have respect for the cards
Living the life of a Superstar
I thought moving out into the country would be a dream come true, I was dead wrong...
How to Survive Camping: I still hate that knife though
There's a Poem on my Phone I Don't Remember Writing
No one can see her but me...
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 2)
I Got Plastic Surgery and Now I Have The Face of a Missing Girl (part 1)the moon looks so nice out! Wh-STOPy dont you praise it
Fatty - reupload
I applied for a Deep Web Job, I don't think I'm the first
My mom's new diet is killing her!
The Screaming Machete
If a medicine man tells you that you should move, move and move fast
What was scariest story?
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Know Who I Am
I stayed on a creepy hotel and it have some weird rules part 2
That Bloody Dogwood Tree
How I made love to the love of my life
The chip
Don't know where to go from here
Plz help
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. Some guests never get to check out.
I manage HOAs, and I will never enter another stranger’s house
'Gate' to Hell?
I am kept in captivity to watch over the sinners and clean the blood.
my dream, became a reality
There is a Monster in my Allotment
I Took A Picture Of Some Lights In The Woods. Now My Neighbours Won't Stop staring at me.
The Black Book
I unexpectedly inherited a house from an elderly customer who I used to serve at the diner
Letters From The Tortured Place
I found some casettes while burying my dog
I keep finding stings, and now I know where they came from
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART V
Hallucination or Real?? Advice needed
I've created a hole to nowhere
Someone is ruining my life for personal gain
I Am Not Insane, But I Am A Vocabulary Expert
UniSpartz
Leviathan: Part 2 of 2.
The voice
I am one of three technicians in a quarentine zone, yesterday my colleague went missing
I can't watch CreepyPasta channels, do you have any good one to recommend?
He watches
My Crush Is Never At School On Friday's
Cult of the Eclipse - Chapter 1
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I've run of options, and I've taken the final dose of the serum. I'm changing into something horrible.
My Mother Died In A Fire Last Week
The Roach
100 Tapes Of The Hollow Hours
Last night my roommate was kidnapped and I think I know where he is (Part 2)The True Horror Movie Experience. Part Three.
Not Exactly Human...
My girlfriend has been acting cold to me lately, and I'm afraid she will leave me.
He got my friends, now he’s after me
I heard a knocking at my door late at night. I live in the woods
The Triptych
Paperweight
Siri speaking with my son
How to Survive Camping - a bit of local history
Got lost in the woods
I tried to kill myself two years ago and I think I succeeded (Part 2)
My mentor doesn't have patients, he has life support volunteers
I think I'm being erased
We Explored a Haunted House, But It Turned Out Not to Be Scary
I'm Not A Kidnapper
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – As Above, So Below: My Swan Song (Final part)
Got caressed in my sleep can someone explain why this might occur
Help, i have no clue what keeps me following me but i hate it.
CUSP
This Whole Pandemic Is A Lie
Gas
Sleepover
I've been frozen since the last ice age. The modern world is way better than life in the wild.
I'm about to go over the list again, because it's so difficult to remember it all.
I found Cupid's Arrow
Lift Off, Part 1
Noisy Neighbors #Teamnosleep
Get in and get out
When The Lights Go Out
If you don't acknowledge them...they USUALLY don't acknowledge you...
Objection to Form: Part One
TIFU by Worshipping Santa Claus
You'd never know.
The Quadrilogy of the Devils Intent
I shouldn't have stayed at the library past closing time
Lights out, Mickey Mouse.
Failure is not the end of your story but the start of your come back story
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why.
He saw dead people, and now he's dead
I wished for an experience and got it
Deadlands
School terror
I found a pocket watch which could stop time and I regret finding it.
I was abducted by a cult, please don't save me.
I think i stumbled onto a subreddit that i should not have found.
Something happened in the delivery room that the nurses and I will never talk about it.
This is not a story, but a serous problem. I have a really bizarre sleep problem. I keep waking up in the middle of the night with no given cause. Everything seems artificial.
The Gray Woods (Part 1)
I Will Return (part 1)
My suicide attempt revealed something impossible and horrifying.
Sea Green
A Break in Monotony
Them.
It takes four days
The Mystery of Flight MH-576
I think I met my mother's doppelganger last night
The Mysterious Family
I found something horrible in the woods next to my cabin
Something is wrong with my shampoo
Are you tired? Then don't read this.
Cocaine Conversation by Gretzky "New"
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing
I Got a Job as an Usher.
I like my bugs.
Headgrabber
I thought the teacher was coming back.
I'm stuck in August - Part 1 I guess
Someone left their cellphone in my store. I shouldn't have unlocked it. Part II
Chat with a question-answering AI based on Banned Books
Rödsot
My Wife Found Out I was Cheating; Now... She Won't Let me Stop
Jerry (Pt 1)
Hdhdh
Third Eye Adventures Pt.2
I don't think I'm supposed to be alive.
I’ve seen things teleport, have had things temporarily non exist and i think I swapped dementions what’s going on
There's a skeleton in my neighbor's yard.
I freed an animal from a testing lab, and it was the worst mistake I ever made.Last year, my wife killed my dog. I know now that she murdered him, and no longer feel bad about what happened last night, in fact I want to share.
A creepy track for all the #nosleep fans! Show some love.
The walls in my house are speaking to me
first try, any feedback appreciated and thanks for reading
I Found My Inner Voice After 33 Years; I Don't Like What it Has to Say
Don’t surf the dark web alone
Help. I’m stuck in Eden and I can’t get out.
What the hell pricked me? Finale
I was a beta tester for the upcoming Flight Simulator 2020 and I found something horrifying in the game
I heard someone at my front door and realized it wasn't my parents
The legend of Tony the Tiger
Why I’m still in hiding, alone with no identity
The Things You Should Know About Tokyo's Strangest Convenience Store
I'm at my uncle's house in the woods and tonight I let the housekeeper and her son sleep over. They were waiting for me
I Work At A Government Sanctioned Island Where People Hunt Monsters - A Diary pt1
Organization Black 001-A
A hook handed man killed my boyfriend
Breaking up is always painful
I might be a future serial killer
I housesat for my neighbors, and I regret it so much
Ladders have been appearing in strange places R my college.
The sky wasn't right today
recreating my dreams is the most fulfilling thing i’ve ever done (part 1)
A clown on my street corner just handed a blue balloon to my neighbor. He thinks terror awakens the soul.
I live in a parallel universe where I only have one responsibility
There Is Something Here That Wasn't
The mysterious man.
Dont play with dolls late at night
The holidays are a pretty big deal to my parents, so I decided to visit them. Thank god I did.
Having a doubt
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn
I Met My Favorite Horror Host
My parents gave me away
He visits me in my sleep now. He stole my organs. Im not crazy.
Something is ruining my life and killing my family. I might be next
I'm working at hotel that is always full but with few guest. I have a odd list of rules to follow while working my shift. (Part2)
I awaken to my four year old watching me from the foot of my bed
A routine horror show part 1
My friend's grandpa died so I offered to help organize his things. We found what might be the most unsettling PSA I have ever heard. Audio included.
I Used To Never Be A Believer, But A Certain Encounter Changed My Mind Forever.
Help!! I've been Kidnapped and I think my Kidnappers forgot about me.Help me!! I've been kidnapped and I think my kidnappers forgot about me! #1
Never click this link.
The secret tunnel
Traub
The Black Rose
Send Me Off With A Song
Otis Whispers
Good old 3
The Disembodied Voice Of A Woman
Help! Our daughter is multiplying!
Someone was suffocating me when i woke up...
Alice Woke Up in a Panic
If You See Graffiti Reading "FOR A GOOD TIME CALL:", follow this "Rule of the Road"...
Let's Play
He always comes at 3AM for one minute.
bag of bones
A horrifying daydream that has haunted my sleepless nights for weeks.
What will happen in september 5?
Tiger King
My nightmares are eating me alive
Moving to a new town
3am story
Traveling The River
The Jeep
Dark and wicked creatures stalk the Scottish Highlands.
Don't touch my dog.
STATIC
I live in a small town. Everyone is way too friendly.
I'll Never Be The Same After Visiting My Cousin, Part Two
He visited me in a dream
My mom is getting very close to me in an unusual way
ThIs sTorY iSn'T wHaT iT SeEmS
There are things out there that make ordinary concepts of evil look laughable by comparison...
The World Underneath (part 2)
The Math Teacher
These Mountains Aren’t Normal
My friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God.
I'll see you soon.
I Explored an Abandon House and Didn't Like What I Found. (Pt. 1)
I work the ER Department Night Shift, and this is some of the weird shit I’ve seen...
TinMan: The Doctor's In Journals
I don’t love him
Raptured
I'm a school caretaker and this place is getting weird
It has been five days since the lights flickered
Why I'm Afraid of Pressure Cookers
Carl’s Daughter
Mom left my sister a set of rules to ensure my safety
2004
I finally got some answers, but now i think I'm dying...
Can every story stop being a mini-series?
The extinction of the human race WILL happen tomorrow but don't worry, be happy.
Daddy's Secret
I have contracted a disease from another universe.
Killer Paramedic
The Uncanny Valley
PALE
MY HOUSE
the man in the corner (100% true, i promise)
My neighbor is on his front lawn, staring at my house. He's been there for several hours.
Shadow of me: Chapter 1
Today, I'm going to burn down my school
My Mother's Cat Can Talk: Part One
Haunted house/crazy lady
The West is more wild than you think
Sleep Paralysis’ Consumption
Grandma's Ghost Stories are all true (PART 2)
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor (PART I)
Meta
ISO POST PLZ HELP!!
A masked man cane to our school
The quiet kid on the school bus
Why is she haunting me???
I know what death feels like now
Dear Doctor Morana,
The crooked man
Something pulled me into my bathroom mirror.
My Carnival Cruise was RUINED!! Now I am Pissed!!!!!
I played my VR this morning, but everything had changed when I took off the headset.
Eudaimonia
I work for NOAA. Mermaids are real.
Searching for Darkness
Don't let them tell you she's not real...
So i did these spells...
Alone in my office
The girl on the ceiling
I ran into my Grandpa today. He died five years ago.
The 2nd and Charles Bathroom
Stairway's infested..
My best friend from Junior High was relentlessly bullied by a girl. She got her revenge, but in a twisted way that still haunts me.
My Little Gremlin
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. Only I know where they're going.
What if Adam and Eve never left the Garden?
Something's Up With My Mom's New Girlfriend
Don't go into the fog
Willy Wonka is a bad man
"Six days," said the pumpkin...
There's Something Wrong With This Hotel
My Reflection Crawled Out Of The Mirror, She Then Changed My Life Forever.
I think I found a portal to another dimension?
I've been gone for Four Hours. For me, it's been 12 Years (Part 2)
I'm finding notes on my phone that I didn't take
If I die they've come for me!
My neighbor calls them his children. I call it an infestation.
Every Morning, I Wake Up Screaming
winter- part 1
Amorphous blob? Lost story.
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years
Any advice appreciated on how to get rid of a stalker (part 2).
True Story: When my Brother Lost his Basketball in the Woods and it got Thrown Back at Him.
I've Always Been Scared of Death.
My name is Mason Bridge and I’m an intergalactic divorce lawyer. I screwed up, and now I’m being chased throughout the multiverse.
Game of Aces- The Sewers
They Watch Me While I SleepAre My Neighbors Possessed By The Jezebel Spirit?
When I was younger (I'm 16 now), I once saw an image that has continued haunting me.
u/okayguy14 PART 3
Something is talking to me through my headphones
The Night I Stared into the Abyss
The Sounds From The Shed
vacant.
The Keyhole
Why is he getting responses back?
Stick Figures in the Snow
A true unsettling phone call
There was an imposter Among Us. This is how I survived.
The little woman and the sun
I should have listened.
The Masked Woman
Don't go towards the light.
Folding Boxes At Midnight
I know what America did during world war 2djdjdjxjrjcjfjcjdjdjdjcjfjxjdxjdjcjdjcjfjfjdjfjfjcjdjfjfjfjfjffjfjrjfjrjfjfjfjdjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjfjffjfjjdjffjjf
Why Marshall Island Is The Reason I Hate Beach
My name is Helena, and I’m a bitch – now I’m about to unleash the Ultimate Bitch (part 2)
I was a clone trooper during order 66.
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Ghost Highway"
My imaginary friends are part of something bigger than I could ever have imagined.
Something Sinister in the School.
I have the perfect girlfriend. But I pay a hefty price...
I was released from prison. Now I'm taking revenge. (Part 1)
I hunt monsters for a living, and it’s a hell of a job
My job is to watch a woman trapped in a room. Part Three.
Looking back I dont think she was ever human. (Part 1)
Routine is good don’t change it (first post)
The Skinner Family
Last night my roommate was kidnapped and I think I know where he is
Envy
Family Business
Cursed Stories That Kill Girls? Nah.
My girlfriend committed suicide in my bedroom
theres a creature in my house, Please help! (Part 2)
I Hate My New Apartment(Part 5)
Stay away from crybaby lane at all costs
The man responsible for killing my mother has been dead for many years. He won't leave me alone.
Nameless, Faceless.
The Flipside
A Strange Story in a Mountain
There is a town named Ferewey that grants the most wicked wishes.
The last place I wanted to be was home
Dragonflies. Just search True Facts: Carnivorous Dragonflies.
Crazy neighbor drives us out of our apartment with demonic powers (maybe?)
My Family is Hiding A Sinister Secret (Part 1)
I moved to a studio only to find a set of rules and a creepy neighbor .
Has anyone else ever seen The Mud Man from the Pacific?
Girl in the woods
White night
I survived a horrible social experiment. I'm not sure if I did too well as a researcher
I just moved back in to care for my aunt. My basement needed an exorcist.
My boyfriend was my first
The shitman
Neurosis: the story of my trauma
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I turned 28 a week ago.
The Houston Files: Hoax or Fact IX
Be careful while biking
My Reflection is scaring me.
I can’t explain what I saw when I was 12 years old
I think I accidentally discovered a cause of multi personality disorder
The Lake
I got a call back from a modelling job for a toy company. Little did I know the 'Toys' are voodoo dolls
The penis
Hard nipples
Come to bed with me, please.
I found my picture on the this person does not exist website
Everyone around me is melting, and we’re not safe. (PART 1)
Antique Radio
The haunted Tails Doll
Lights in the night sky
My snot has turned black and it’s seems to be taking over my other bodily fluids update.
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART SIX
Cresent Moon (One of my many stories)
Insanity Zero: camp pickleweed (part one)
I hugged my sleep paralysis demon
Dear Diary, August 5th, 1990.
‘Twas the Fifth Night After Christmas the Devil and I made a deal
Case File 446-A
The Noises Next Door Keep Me Awake At Night
Infected (Part 3)
They move too fast for the human eye to catch. Today I saw them.
The Twin Sister (Part 1)
We are doomed
I inherited a Wild West model town. A visit at the doctor's.
I work at A Clothing Shop. I have 4 rules to follow.
The butchers
SpongeBob Squarepants murdered my friend’s son.
I am a member of The Order of The Singing Raven
A Nightmare of Opportunity
I work in a pawn shop update- My roommate sent a photo of me outside her window. I'm at my bfs house.
Warning! Objects in mirror are closer than they appear
A Scratching at the Door (part 1 of 2)
I met Casper the friendly ghost...and he was not friendly
Who the hell calls 911 for an itching ear?
Human or ghost
The Missing (FINAL UPDATE)
ARGENT INTERGALACTIC HUMAN EDUCATION COMPLEX LOG 1
An Amateur Exorcist
The Eight Feet Woman
Hotel Zoomer
Does anyone remember this children's book?
my maladaptive mind playing tricks on me again//sleep paralysis//the time i watched myself sleep
I used Reddit at 3am... what happened next made me question my entire life
I'm addicted to death row. I thought everything was a joke until my cellmate died.
Why I'm forever terrified of elevators
I interviewed Mallory Dean - that girl who survived the Hat Man Murders
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 5)
The Sea of Trees
Dear Children, Please Join Us For The Arrival Of Father David Allen Jones
I'm A Body-hopper, I Found A New Host, Yet I Can't Shake the Masked People Off My Trail
Something is knocking at the window.
A Rainy Night Nightmare
An extremely short but scary story
My Interesting Airport Story
The Devil Lives in Dial-up.
I heard my dead body talk
My time living in a drug house
The past three years of my life is not what I though it was. Part 2
"The Lone Deer"
A loved one tried committing suicide last night.
Milk's gone bad 🥛
I woke from my meditation. The sound was gone, so were they.
There are dead people in the river. They want me to join then.
My Worst Hike
The Horror at Seven Points Part 1
Something crashed on earth back in January. It wasn’t what we expected.
I found something.. or someplace
The Evening that I can never forget
The Old Gas Station Down The Street Isn’t A Gas Station, It’s A Slaughter House
The Upside-Down Man
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good.
My roommate's eating habits are getting worse
Think twice before getting breast augmentation surgery
There's Something Wrong With My Local In-N-Out.
Calling all Dr. creepen fans
Kyle: Monster Hunter (Part One)
What I didnt see pt 2
Russian Roulette, but without a gun
I fell asleep in class. When I awoke the town was deserted - Part 2
Christmas at my hotel
Recurring dream
I had a nightmare that had constantly haunted me. Until one day it just stopped.
I’ll never be alone again. (Part 1)
My Dead Friend Reads My Messages
I Found a Dead Girl's Diary in an Abandoned Factory
Open Wounds
I'm an angel that's been stationed at earth for 10 years
Hell Is For Children
I Adopted A Shelter Cat A Week Ago and Now People in My Neighborhood Are Going Missing (Part 1)
The mind of darkness
The Lost Lines (Part Two)
Drip drip drip
my son is a reincarnated killer
Social pathogens
A Father’s Suicide
Knocking
"I'm Coming"
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
During My Investigation, I Discovered A Creature I Can't Explain (Part 2)
Has anyone else experienced this?
I'm heading out now. Don't wait up.
I found a box of old journals in my father's house. Something seems eerily real about them.
What the government is hiding from you part 2
My roommate copies whatever i try do and this pisses me off
I hate walking alone
The Mask Under The Bed...
Every time someone in my town dies, their face appears on a Jack O' Lantern.
A cult took over our reclusive town. Now people grow from trees.
Asking the right questions
I ate something called "abyss chips." One bag is enough to last you for the rest of your life.
I can predict things, sometimes.
Seedhead
The town of valke part 1
A Whole New Man (Part 1)
During My Investigation I Discovered a Creature I Can’t Explain, Pictures Included
Disneyland's Corona Chronicles
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve
The giant, human-faced mole-rat creature receded into the smoke. Now what do we do? Or, Our Serpentine Mother that Craves Asphyxiation (Part 2)
I think my daughter is talking to a ghost and I am not sure what to do
An open letter to other lost souls
The Devil and Sister Faustina
PARANORMAL NUMBER
There's Something Trying to Get in Through Lick Observatory
Are You There?
Something came with the Hurricane
The Hanging Tree
I received very creepy messages on my personal phone
The Obsidian Deluge - Part 4 (Final)
I got atacched to a human
Before I was a paranormal investigator, I worked for a research facility with some shady practices.
Working hard
Tales of the End of the World from Listening Post #317 - Mandala Station - Chapter 2
The Shark
Love is a Wet Nose
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. I shouldn’t have opened it, because my life will never be the same again.
The Third Mutation ncov
I'm being stalked by the Taxi Man
Only I can see them
The Project
Welcome to Death Land
We had intruder in my school, and I think he’s trying to get me
I found strange notes in my wall
An entity in a raincoat enters our reality when it rains and I've let it inside. Help me.
a little tale from my country.
Mars Manhattan
You would do the same.
I bought an old mirror from a traveler, this is my story
The Midnatical Influence 06-001
Spiritualist
I made this story in a YouTube comment section, and I figured you guys would get a kick out of it. the YT comment is in the comments.
Mysterious Transcript in My Mailbox has me Questioning Everyone
I Had a Conversation With Lucifer. Now He’s Afraid of Me
My Father can take away my life at any moment
The Awakening Pt. II
I am a senior government advisor.
The Song of Death
The Pine Ridge Cult
I was not alone
My nose will not stop bleeding
I had to Stay at a Friends House for a Week and we found a List of Rules to Follow... (Part 2)
i opened a dybbuk box when I was 8 and I really shouldn't have opened it
My Husband's Murderer
I have a thing called orgasm synesthesia
When my daughter loses her temper, my next-door neighbor “accidentally” loses a limb
Strange Things in South Dakota
Had nightmare of meeting Donald trump and he was using an oculus quest and was hitting on me.
Is anyone else not getting the podcast art on spotify?
A trip from Stockholm to hell
I Met My Doppelganger But There Was Something Wrong.
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse.
Itchy
My grandfather worked as a taxi driver in the USSR. One evening changed his life forever.I work the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules.(End)
The donkeys in my village are behaving strange
I can't breathe
Every 27 days, someone in the world goes missing. I’m next. I made a demon angry at me bacause i was to nosy ( l )
We're hungry
We were always the pawns on the board.
No escape
There is something in the trees outside Kamas, Utah
Horror for scaredy cats??
The Window Part 1
Hay I was writing a book can I get opinions and whare do you think I should go with it
An internet "cult" promised to have all our dreams come true. One of the participants wanted to be a werewolf.
Be weary, run if you see it.
They call me the Best Ghost Hunter in England... this case was missing a ghost. PART 2
Maria on the Moon
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Three
I Hit Something Strange While Driving Through the Woods Last Night
I Explored a Drainage Pipe When I was 10. It was Terrifying.
Therapy from a gas station psychologist is a horrible idea. Curing you means erasing you from your life.
I have no rules to follow in my night security job and i’m afraid of knowing why...
My True Ghost Story
I came home to visit my parents for the weekend. (Part 1)
Keys wallet passport clothes2
The shadow in my room takes a piece of me every night and I"m running out of fingernailsSomething disturbing lives in the woods beside my cousins house.
The gargoyles were supposed to protect us, but now I know the truth.
A knock on the window..
I was sent to investigate an abandoned house.
Police Investigation Horror Story
Someone threw a pig head down my chimney
I think I have insomnia
We came across a shredder in the woods.
This is a warning
My closet talked to me
A Rural North Dakota Motel (Conclusion)
Have you heard of “Throat Singing”?
Title
My paranormal experiences! (quite vanilla, sorry)
I fell asleep on an airplane. I don't know where I am.
Florida Serial Killer. By Audrey Webster
ROOM 220: I'm a therapist for monsters
Machine. My story and journal, so far.
The Knocking
Searching for an old book keeps leading back to a CIA Archive about "The Illuminati".
The Entity
Canaan, the Devil's experiment
Demons and Construction Work
No exit
How to Survive Camping: Rule #10 - the thing in the dark
I don't like clickbaity titles
A decade after my parents murder, I finally discovered why....
I WENT TO THE ASTRAL PLANE, I DIDN'T COME BACK ALONE
I hope it was just my imagination.
What happened???
I found a crashed satellite's black-box system and I don't know what to do with the contents
24,120 in 1 hour without investment
What was that thing?
Odd “paranormal” (?) experience from when i was younger
Shadow People (Sleep Paralysis)
Can we play
Why me
The VHS Tape
Don’t respond to the Carsons
Not what I was expecting
Snow Day
When I was a kid, I had nightmares about a smiling man named Mister Trilby. I had all but forgotten them until my daughter mentioned a man standing outside her window last night.
A Barren Field
Local Library
something's in the forest...
Why My Student Always Checked the Locks
Ringing (Part I )
I'm trapped in this school with something that isn't human
Organist who kept playing the organ after his death
The Suffocator
I think the library is trying to send me a message
14 Billion Eyes
Deliveries
I don’t think we’re the only ones here
Hi my name is Ashley Please help me please !!!!!
Do you hear the whispers?
I'm a Private Investigator and I
Mary Had a Little Lamb: The song that has tormented me since I was 8 years old.
Ingest
There's a hole in the sky.
A College Confessional
My Uber Driver Has a Body In His Trunk
Why Not Me
The recordings from within the woodlands, part 2
My Grandfathers Puzzles.
Blood Heritage (Part 2)
What Was In the Drainage Pipe
I was a fraud fortune teller, but then I woke something ancient...
The lock on the door... (something's in there)
It lives in the trees
The Grey house I pass everyday.
I'm gping to get killed by a cult pt2
I used to work at a amusement park: part 2
Just wanted to Share.
Grandma's Pumpkins
An inscrutable goddess I made up in a D&amp;D session is after me for real
A True Story That May Prove Some Form of Afterlife...
Mr. Spareparts
Ghost Circles, and the mysterious case at Millar's farm
A masked man came to our school
I Started A Dream Journal
I think I let something out of my closet that wasn’t supposed to come out, now I don’t know what’s going to happen to me.
The other unknown virus that requires closeness instead of social distancing
Haunted Corn Maze
An Easter Egg that was never meant to be found
"Cold Turkey" Daily Post (1 of 5): Written by Nicholas Grant (J.P.Granger)
The Burnt Face Woman
The Playground
My experiences with Gui da Qiang (pt 2)
Nighttime Demons
I had sleep paralysis 6 times on a row in only one night. I'm not so sure about the sixth one.
The power is out in my apartment and something weird is happening
Storm of the Century - Short Horror
I will never go to an abandoned circus again
33 Years Ago I Went Camping, I Haven't Been Since. Here's What Happened..
Heat Place
My Baby Keeps Changing
Coyotes
The Karhu Tappaja Part 2 FINAL
alice eyes
I saw my mom and sister at the front door. But it was not them
The Creature In The Field
Gretchen's Smile Parts 1 and 2
The 7-11 Man (Story from Llama Arts)
My Late Sister's Last Journal
The Uh Oh
The Crying Woman
They Shall Not Grow Old: Verdun, 1916
Jumping At Shadows
Anxiety
My little sister's wedding - Part 3 (Final)
What I found Astral Projecting
Historia de terror Real
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 3
Dear past self, I’m sorry.
do not tell yourself what you are going to do the next day before you sleep! i learnt it the hard way
I got an unsettling call from my neighbor
DONALD TRUMP IS THE MOST N******* PRESIDENT EVER
Be careful what you wish for
When I was young something invaded my town
Confessions of a Grocery Store Manager (part 2)
I never asked for this...
I regretfuly woke up early
The Gas Station People
Awesiaki: Chapter Six - Mahalia's confession - 1932
0
the cow man
I was followed
I Saw It There Within the Carousel ...
‘I saw my daddy cry’
The Doctor (Part one)
Indecible Infernio: The Note
Not scary enough?
Something’s attached to me, and I think it’s going to kill me
I knew it was my turn
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Investigating a haunted school
I Work At A Cemetery As A Graveyard Keeper. I Think The Dead May Be Rising From Their Graves.
What's helped me sleep with severe anxiety and depression.
He wouldn't stop smiling at me.
Satan is my husband
Woman calls uber, and makes the worst decision of her life.
You will sometimes see a cat in my village.
I was the whistleblower for an experiment known as The Soul Paradox. This is my story.
the volcano eruption woke something
The militaries of the world have recorded horrors that none of you know about V1
The shidder
The man who worked at the prison
Never go to West Virginia
I Made a Bad Deal
$5 for your opinion! At what age did you get your first cell phone? Help us with our study! ( PayPal / Amazon Gift Card )
Mcpherson Alien abduction 1983 Full VideoGo Back To Sleep
You just need to search in google images "Cyclopia" before going to bed and you will can't sleep this night.
They started off with cats. It's escalating.
Can I share a fictional horror short story, which I just made?
The City after midnight pt 2
Rebuild your teeth and get rid of tooth decay, Attract everyone with a beautiful smile and remember getting your tooth rip out from your mouth hurts alot
Maybe it's me
The Toll - Part 1
Tales From the Diner - The Dark Magician Incident
I live on the deadliest stretch of road in the country. Tonight I found out what’s out there.
The boogie men might be after me
I’m Lily Madwhip and There’s a Monster Wearing My Dad’s Pajamas
A Man with many Jobs pt 1
Our basement gives amnesia to everyone in my family except me. What happens down there is terrifying. PART 3
The office I worked at when I was 20 was the scariest place I have ever been.
The Caterpillar Crawler of 12th Street
The side effects of misery.
I think I almost got jumped or worst but being polite saved my ass
This is what happens when a school Janitor takes their own life.
Cats have feelings too...
This Is What They Don't Tell You About Working At The Crossroads Kitchen.
The only thing he'd ever heard, and it was sirens
Through the broken window
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – The Church of Ghosts (part 3)
Hell House
Elf on the Daycare Shelf
I was a Uber driver. Last night, I almost died.
This subreddit is filled with scary stories. My question is why? Someone sing me a lullaby.
A secret war rages. Last night I witnessed it.
Did my friend buy a cult compound?
I’m a sheriff at a police department in a small town in Oregon. One of my officers gave this to me one day. She said she found it the cell of one of our new prisoners. She said that he had written down on a few loose sheets of paper, and he became extremely nervous when she took it away.
Victoria (Part 2)
A Relic Of An Ancient Past
The Invasion of Sue Paige
I couldn't tell if he cared about me or not, so I kept killing people for him until I knew I was safe.
My online friend tried to invite a ghost home with him after a strange encounter
The Red Paint
A Collection of Recuring Dreams - Part 2 - "An absolute Darkness"
Nsnsnanwnw
Is James Ferdini the luckiest man in Atlantic City?
Disposing of the leftovers
Blood Law (Part One)
It knows im awake
My sister was a sociopath. Then she got surgery.
I bought a security camera and I think I'm being watched
I Wish I Could Sleep
I love my sisters.
'The Empty World'
I unknowingly broke a rule ._.
I found these logs while I was cleaning. I've done something horrible.
Why I'm not going to sleep tonight...
Knock knock knock
The Hideaway
What’s in a dream?
There was an earthquake in my town yesterday, something is in my house
Moon Lit Chase With the Apocalypse: The Sleep Disorder Collection (Part 3)
I Know An Active Murderer Who Is Wanted By Many People. (Part 1)
The Christmas Carol Curse – Ding Dong Merrily or Die
My acting audition did not go as planned
I stalked my schizophrenic friend and accidentally created an ARG
I woke up trapped in my house. I thought I was alone but something's here with me. There are ways to avoid Them but I don't know how much longer I can last.
The Sleeping Game
New years drive
It all ended with the sleepover
What are some paranormal encounters you or someone close to you had that weren’t scary? More friendly or positive
Hello
The Cry of the Cat
While Clearing Out My Dead Father's Study, I Found Something That I Can't Explain
**Rule Addition Announcement**
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here UPDATE 4-final
Something Strange Is Going On Next Door (Part 2)
The grandma
Every night when I go to sleep, someone near me dies.
Just another haunted hotel
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules
Went up in the hills for a tarot reading, then gtfo
I found this letter. I'm scared now
The Elevator at Work Stopped on the 13th Floor. There isn't a 13th Floor.
Have you ever seen a spider and thought theres one crawling on you? That's because there is.
Hell Town
Here is what to do if your bedroom door keeps opening at strange times in the middle of the night!
We found a card game lying by the side of the road. I wished we never picked it up.
I think Dad needs to find a new job
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 4)
Death Is NOT Natural, Its Manmade 《1》
The women along ROUTE 1
Twinkle Twinkle Little Scout
I am a new fire Watchman and things are getting weirder (Pt 2)
I never walk my dog at night anymore
My stalker has resorted to terrorizing me with fax messages
To The Bottom of the River
Not mine, but here goes
A lost TV Show from the 90's - episode 1.
On year ago, they put up a blockade around our town. It was the right thing to do.
Prophet of Madness; Devourer of Minds
Trying to find my way on YouTube, I'm building a channel to narrate Creepypastas in spanish, pay a visit (:
Guardian angel, sleep demon
My Fiancée has photos of me that I've never seen before. (Part Two)My Last Days Living With An Infectious Monster as I feel it Eat Away at My Brain
My neighbor was crucified to his bed and I don't know how to help him
I’m an exotic animal dealer and I sell things that you didn’t know existed: The story of Arthur’s flask
CLAYTON (Part I and II)
The Small Town Killer
My last job.
Tales From a Small Town: The two largest families in town hate each other
A little thing that has been on my chest
The new smell.
The Things I Should Not Know, a monologue
The Walls Sweat
The man with white eyes
In 2012 a Possessed Couch Told Me To Murder My Friends
The Waiting Game
Is it safe to post yet?
My friend started singing this weird song on a camping trip, he's still whispering it.
The Things I've Done In Hell pt2
The figures
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon wildfires
I had a ghost encounter last night, and I wanna try finding it again
It's Time For Annual Performance Reviews at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
I used to work in a cloning facility.
I went to Dr. Phil’s Turn-About Ranch. He tried to kill me there.
I woke up during surgery, they weren't trying to save me.
The Writer's Blackout Phase 2
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 6)
I'm stuck in the future, looking for any pre 2018 time slot
The Mark Of Cain
The last time I'll ever trust my friends
I was dead
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (FINAL)
AutoSleep
Why is there a homeless man begging after midnight
The Buffalo Lady
Eggshells
Porcelain woman
Animals are fleeing from a nearby valley in record-breaking numbers. They sent me to find out why, Pictures Included.
The Pipe Game - Part 1
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual.
The Electric Man
I am the only one who saw THE THING
My Best Friends basement
He's a monster (Part 3)
The Envelope
They Call Themselves The Church of Lira Drew
Whats your favorite book to read when you cant sleep mine is harry potter and the goblet of fire
Im a contract killer for The Big Man Down There. Here's a bit more about me.
Creepypastas
Missing woman
What you see doesn’t exist until you observe it
The sleep watcher
Santa is not who you think.
Prisoner
The Soul Channel
Twisted laughter
The Gates to Hell
Rules of our Farm
minecraft.exe
I had no choice but to follow the Tiny Flashing Lights
Brunswick Sludge Walker
I'm private security on a major local tourist attraction. I just saw the weirdest shit ever.
I heard a knock on the wall
Confessions of a London Flusher
I'm hiding from it in the broom closet right now and it really wants me to let it in
I’m going to be working at the Red peak hotel.
i sus-pect that most of us are re-jects. i get a little... up-set. hold up wait. lets all just reset. now its up to you to... inter-pret
I tried to catch a taxi home, but that's not where the driver took me (PART 2)
There's a reason you don't revisit your favorite childhood video games, and it's not the graphics.
The Last Time We Ever Played Ding Dong Ditch
Laughs of the Dead
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado?
The BugI have a Greek god who follows me everywhere. He says he was rejected from the pantheon.
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes
The Bag won’t stop opening...
THE PHONE
My Girlfriend Takes Forever To Get Ready
What we really saw on the Moon
The differences of life and death
Something isn’t right about the truck stop across from the BlueTop hotel
My Mom’s Animal Sanctuary: Before
The woman in the road
My New House Came With A Long List Of Unusual Rules
June-11-2017
Don’t let your wife become a volunteer firefighter.
STUCKED
High Beams
Apocalipsis Virus: Genesis
Don't Be Rude
I found a postcard that was possessed by a powerful demon/entity. It the most sinister thing to happen to me.
A Murder Of Crows
I Keep Dreaming Of A Missing Little Girl - IV
Tell me a story - A girl and a Demon PT1
DiMarco Hall, Room B7
Real Story: The Suit in the Morgue
My Dad's Strange Encounter While In Vietnam
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (part 2)
In the Name of Love (Part Two)
I was born
Do not stop when the truck from Roadkill Ranch is following you
Hold My Hand (Part 1)
DERELICT, a Kirche File (Part Four)
Short story I made in 4th grade, truthful opinions?
I met Santa Claus last year, now I’m terrified for the 25th
Rotterdale Had Too Many Houses
Polaroids
the music box
Welcome to Nowhereland.
The monsters in the woods won't hurt you, it's the ones in the ocean you should worry about... Pt. 1
Taking Out the Trash
My sister is back
3:21 PM
I almost drowned.
I got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found a list of unsettling rules........
Story that I'm working on. Disturbing enough?
Five Years part 1
Reperfection (Part One)
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
I Got Plastic Surgery and Now I Have the Face of a Dead Girl (Final)
There Might be Something Wrong with My Date from Last Night (Part 2)
You
Need help finding a writer on here!
There's something in my house... And i know why its here Part 2
There Is A Pretty Girl Across The Street
I remember one of my previous lives.
A demon is manifesting on every mirror I see.
The Wanderer in the Dark
Please verify your identity
Scary taxi job
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years. (Part 2)
The girl we bullied in High School invited us over during our twenty-year reunion and things took a turn for the worse.
Ornament
Looking for an Explanation
Donald Trump is A Monster!
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart .
The wall whispers
The Stickermen
My Sweet Valentine
My sweatshirt blocked my door so i thought of this
I'm stuck in an elevator, we're telling stories to pass the time. Part 2
When I was 11 somebody broke into my house
The Longest Night
My daughters nightmares keep coming true. I think we are both in danger.Dark Hope
An old friend has been dating someone for five years...today I found out they don't exist (Part 3)
All American Football Association
My Cousin is Afraid of Mirrors
Theres knocking at 12:44am
The Man in the Mirror Part 1
Rainy Day with My Daughter
It started at a party, part 2
My Great-Grandfather Encountered Something in the Arctic
As A Tattoo Artist, I Hate You
The Turner Tradition
The Cult at Parmatown 2- The Survivor's Tale
Foot and Mouth Disease
Why does my bed rock at night?
I never dream about my children.
“You’ll see, son”
I Don't Think The Old Scarecrow On Mommet Lane Is Made Of Straw.
Me, myself, and I.
We skipped 3am.
I'll Trade Your Fate for a Random Life, I Don't Think You Understand How Fun It Can Be
He only lives in my closet
It’s so hard to sit still in class
i hunt cryptids for a living #1 the mokele mbembe
I posted a photo. Now someone is outside - Part I
I’m the Last Person on Earth
We found my little sister in the forest as a kid. Now I want to return her
My Nightmares Aren't Scary but I Wish They Were Real
I’ve photographed an entity floating in my crab apple tree!
My Late Narcissist Mother Keeps Taunting Us From The Other Side (My Fiancé’s Part Of The Story)
Had a ghost encounter last night, I wanna find it again
Never again will i use Facebook.
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 22)
I Swear this just happened
Elf On The Shelf
I've finally been accepted in my family
Why I don't play darts anymore
So, there's this Hole in the Ground...
What Happens When the Stars Go Out - Traduzido PTBR
Shadows In The Fly Space.
I know what Youtube's up to
I had a dream where the people were machines
I bought a "Friend" on Etsy.. Do Not Answer My Front Door!!
I saw some things in my video store.
OPEN UP!
I found my daughters journal after she killed herself, and yet she seems to still be writing. Here it is
I saw a ghost at a waterpark in Costa Rica
I'm in love for the first time, but he isn't who I thought he was.
The Telephone Horror Story Animated
There's something wrong with my guardian angel
I Found Something Weird in a Small Town Near the Himalayas
I spoke with a being once who told me something quite disturbing.
Innocence.
I'm hunting species on the brink of extinction to save my friend. They only appear for brief periods every night.
A Sickness. Part I.
Hundreds of Cultures Across the Globe Still Believe That Cameras Can Steal Your Soul
Incursion
The episode that changed my life.
A Kristian In Cooke County
The prostitutes of Detroit.
What really happened on September 11, 2001
My mother came home
Stained Glass in the Shower
I can’t sleep :(
Crispy Critters Part 2
The last dream
I'm stuck in an elevator. Please help.
Goodbye Paradise
I kept having the same nightmare when I moved out of my parents' house. Now I know why.
Don’t touch the walls
Something stinks.
Cora's sister Report
Tonight is the night
The most traumatic sleep I've ever had...
always say tabi tabi po - 2$ amulets that make you bulletproof
The demon Under The Bridge
Introverts in my hometown are insidiously leading us all to doom
Absolute Zero (Part Two)
The bedtime man
Sky Turtle Tours, ch 7: Spirit in The Sky
The walk home
Ani-me
What is happening v2
I live in a town called Beaver Falls and tonight I learned it has a horrible secret
Tintypes (Part 2)
Ashes to Ashes, Dust to Dust
I hope she spares your souls too...Why do we need sleep?
My basement has rules, and today I broke one.
At least we still don't feel a thing.
I was a skeptic. Not anymore.
The Final Dive of Walter St. Clair
I found a tooth in my pocket, I don’t think it’s mine
I’m still alive.
I Bought the Wrong Eggs.
The Man Who Kept Creeping Closer
A Cold Fire
If you find a lone coffin late at night on the London Underground, please don't touch it. It could save your life.
I dreamed about a creepypasta, please help me recreate it
I'm a man who rarely sleeps. I've started seeing some stuff
The non-existent band in my neighborhood.
A killer chased me near an abandoned park
I'm Trapped in the Security Room at Work- Final Day
Sooo, I'm being followed, but I don know by what...
I Visited A Strange Town A Decade or Two Ago and I'm Not Sure it's Real
Checking the odrkdirjfi
Sometimes your nightmares are real.
The Man with the Goat's Head
Last to the East
I am a small-town priest. This is how I lost my faith.
Birthdays party’s don’t always end well
He was not there to fight fires.
The mysterious case of Whitney lullof
A Rural North Dakota Motel (Final)
The lake was beautiful..before I saw..it
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Hold on for (rein)deer life - apparently having no Christmas spirit can be fatal
DON’T open your eyes.
Technically, I’m 125 years old. But haven’t aged a day since 1933
angel music
The Elder of the Wind
I Woke Up and Everything Was Dark (Part 1)
A Little Story I Worte
Me sleep demon?
What race do you feel most comfortable with
nightmare_wood.txt
The Bath Game
The Boy and the Basilisk
It's almost been a year since i could see feelings
Big Brother World
I traded my sight for this shitty vision. (Part 3)
Soldiers Vietnam encounter with a strange beast
Threads horreur ?
A Woman named Maria
Am I the asshole?
To Anyone Willing To Share Their Body
And I am in a Cage (Part 1 of 2)
Captured on tape.
What do you wish for?
I'm a veterinarian. I hear the cries of dead animals at night. And that's not even the worst part.
An unknown guy sent me PDF documents. What I found is horrifying. Big Pharma companies are going to release a bioweapon.
The Jump Rope Girl
How I started dating a fallen angel
My Partner is a Wendigo.
My friend is trapped in this weird spooky house, what should I do? (Part 1.)
Endless void
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 1)
i think there’s a ghost hooked onto me
I Think Reddit’s Helping Me Solve A Murder
I've Spent My Life Guarding A Door That Must Never Be Opened. Tonight Is My Last Night.
Possible true haunting
Let Me See You
Best Friend
He Wanted My Blood
From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall (GRAPHIC OVER 18 ONLY!!!)
The Invisible Hand
The Traveling Murder Show
Today is the twentieth anniversary of the day everyone in my hometown died.
Chased Out Of The Woods By A Creature
I inherited a Ouija board from my grandfather that supposedly grants wishes. I'm down to my last one.
Just Another Camp Legend
Everyone in my village screams at the setting sun
A week ago, my girlfriend went missing under mysterious circumstances. I'm beginning to think it might have something to do with the strange noises coming from the woods at night.
I went to a convention with my friends.. they never made it back.
I'm A Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 2)
Anonymous Wants To Send You A New Message
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years. (Part 1)
orphan
Is anyone else here being stalked by something they can feel but can't see in there home?
Most Immersive 2020 Winners!
The Farmhand
The baby monitor is acting strange
the childrens book
I think I died.
"Where do you sleep?" (Pic inside)
The "shadow" we saw at my friend's birthday..
It blinked.
There’s a creature outside my backyard.
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Final)
Mr. Ghost
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 2)
I've been kept aware by something for several nights.
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now. (part four)
‘Twas the Twelfth Night Before Christmas and nothing was thicker than Blood
Of my eyes
BiBitcoin minmining
I can't quite remember right or left...
The Final Sounds
Maybe a ghost would be better.
Cat Noises
Hello everybody!
The End of Gregory
This town has a secret and it lurks under bridges.
Behind the Holy Eyes, Under the Benevolent Guise
The Journal of Jake Fontane
I've Just Received an Odd Text from a Phone Number That Makes No Sense
I almost Did something horrible
The Devil's Tramping Ground
I have been on a train for 5 years
Ascent From Insanity
When My Friend Tara Changed (Pt 2)
I think my wife may have realized she was reincarnated
I met my doppelganger. I wish I hadn't..
Old ghosts and nightmares
"You Have Unanswered Questions In Your Quora Digest"
Night terrors I’ve been having
Juliana went missing last year (part two)
What is your scariest encounter
Lusine ApartmentsWas the black shadow outside or inside of the car?
another portal to another universe
Crushing the can
I'm a performance appraiser.
Trapped in my Workplace
There’s something seriously weird about our new house.
Window Lurker
I noticed something I shouldn't have at the grocery store
The Cardboard Orphan (Part Two)
Everybody is a book of blood; wherever we're opened, we're red.” ― Clive Barke
Premonition
The Mistakes of God fall at the feet of the Morning Star.
One Hour
I moved to a town with a secret ritual, now they are after me.
I’m stranded on Mars Part 1
Cats Don’t Dance
Can I leave lease?
I see the same girl everywhere
The spirits in my house are getting louder.
There is a monster behind my house...
By the Side of the Road
The Town That Never Buried Anyone
An eventful moving in day.
The reason my house has no mirrors.
Goodmorning from the International Space Station. Today, I want to tell you how to achieve your goals.
I didn’t sleep in a while
The Case of Marshall Jacobs (I of III)
Mother's Childhood Story
Even though my wife is still pregnant, I've already seen the baby. It threatened to abort itself.
I Want To Kill Myself But I Cant
Please help I
Deer Hunting Season
a little reminder
Found this really creepy gaming channel you guys might be interested in
I gained the power to collect people's soul shards and I don't know what to do
If it weren’t for my father, my holocaustic town would have been a dream to live in.
I keep seeing strangers staring at me at lunch
GOD
I’m seeing the creepypasta everywhere and last night dreamt of having intercourse with slenderman
133 Evergreen Terrace (my first horror anything so feedback is appreciated.)
Next time you hear the call of the wild, do NOT answer it
The Ghost Tree. Part One of Six.
When you see 666 car plate number RUN!
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
Paradise
I never pictured myself as a Caretaker
War Without Rain
never go into the rain part 1
The World has Changed Overnight, it's Terrifying | Day 1
Cousins Cabin
You aren’t alone in the snow
The Beetles of Rouain
Every night I die, and every morning I wake up to try the day again
I ordered myself on the dark web.
I'm trapped on an island with my mother and I can't get out
Tinder Date Gone Wrong
I started using an app to track my sleep, and now I'll never eat cinnamon toast again.
They Don’t Call it the Slaughter Pen for Nothing...
The beeping noise keeping me up at night
IT will always haunt you
I never thought my mom was bad.
I saw my dead daughter walking in the mountains.
I’ve archived and documented every important event in human history, but 2020 is missing
Yesterday, I found a little girl crying at my door. I let her in.
We Dived a Wreck in an Oxygen Minimum Zone, I Barely Made it Back.
My great great Grandfathers time in World War One
My town is a little strange (part 1)
Don’t Fuck with the Fae
Requesting Permission To Narrate /no sleep Stories
You are dying and you deserve to know why
The Big Red Challenge
I'll Never Prank My Roommate Again
PLEASE PLEASE READ THIS
The Tiger Hill (part 1)
One sentence horror story
A Light In The Dark
The Room That Shouldn’t Be There. Part One.
Need Advice On My Soil (Hardiness Zone 6a)
Not Looking
The Sun Disappeared
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke (Part 2)
I'm a Cryptozoologist. I think I've discovered a new species of Cryptid.
Youtube scary stories read
I’m a soul salesman. Would you sell me your soul?
My family hunts monster for living, and I am the family archivist. There are a few things I want to share with you. (Part 2)
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of.: The Bleach Bomb (Part 3)
Completely Fiction
I found the perfect cure for baldness. But I'm afraid it works a little too well.
There's something seriously wrong with my foster parents...
There are people in the woods of Wisconsin hunting down things you cannot imagine. I was one of them.
:injection complete:
I Know You're Awake
My college sorority is different. – Sirensong and Troyfall
The Sadness of Boston Murphy
Please help. Not sure if this is the place. I'm just a fat and stupid food lover but tonight I need you.
I recently had Sleep Paraylsis for the first time, but something is wrong.
I Moved in With a Friend Who Went Missing for Five Years
I kidnapped my younger brother and have been keeping him in my basement for months
A murderer lives in my house
I broke into my crushes house, now I'm scared of her
I like to murder influencers whenever they ask me for free stuff. I’m beginning to think that maybe it’s not my best idea.
Don't Go Down There
An Interview with a Serial Killer
Mr. Unlucky and the Vendetta of car accidents
I've been on the run for 3 years.... Part 1
Outside Creature
SUBWAY SON OF SIN
A creepy experience i just had
Breakfast with my father's savior
Afraid to sleep
I’m pretty sure my house is hunted
I had a horrible feeling in my gut, rightly so..
Help! I'm trapped in this author's shitty story!
What is truly behind you
Greasy couch
Leviathan (Part 2 &amp; Final)
Our town was been given the warning for a major storm, but there’s something worse.
My friend is a black market cannibal, And I don't know what to do
Floor 17
The Ninth (Part 1)
I had a job in prison digging holes
3:16 am
True story...
A Genie set free
Follower.
Sandy Woke Something Up
Nobody remembers except for me
The Suicide Friend
They Call Him "The Dick Snatcher"
Help me please I think I'm trapped in dejavue all I can remember is waking up sweating feeling like something is in my sister's room and then turning on my phone and writing this I'm scared and need help
Scariest Place On Earth
Creature At My Window
Mimi's World Famous Beetroot Pudding
Green Skin
I thought I was experiencing anaesthetic awareness. The reality was so much worse.
There's A Serial Killer In My Attic
You're Not Alone In The DarkEvery Night In Your Bedroom... I Warn you "Christmas Horror Story"
Ozuna x Doja Cat x Sia - Del Mar remix
Don’t open doors for people you don’t know
I'm 27 Years Old And My Parents Still Put Me In A Crib
Gutter Monkey
My little brother told me something that made my skin crawl
"Do you feel better when you leave the house?"
My cat is not normal. Or alive.
I still don’t know to this day
I’m a tour guide at the biggest salt flat on Earth. Something’s wrong.
Ok so for about 3 nights in a row i swear i hear someone out side my window.. keeps me up all night if i can ill record it.. but i think they just left.
Two way mirror
Was it a paranormal experience? Sleep paralysis? Or something else
My imaginary friends might not be imaginary after all
unexpected guest
Between the Boxes - Flesh and Blood
Blackwoods Bend Part Twelve- My Haunted History
I used to work Security for one of the biggest psych wards in my state. It also happened to be a den for those tormented by the paranormal.
it was dead.....
story my little brother made in his class (i did not sleep until night time when he showed me this)
Death's Paladin
Something unholy has taken over my city.
I didn't do enough research on this family, and I think it might cost me my life.
I love you daddy
ㅎ오
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years:part 2
Boy Secrets
Don't say the skintakers' name
I shot myself and survived. I think I'm going to try again.
nonono
Somehow I stumbled into a tavern with no exit...
My Uber Passenger Has Their Spouse on a Leash
My Village
Mispeled
I thought moving to a small town in the mountains would change my life for the better. I never would've imagined it'd turn out like this.
Obviously the night before halloween is weird, but not like this.
I was nearly killed by my town's ghost.
Not Enough to Spare
Somehow I found my way to a new world, but it's not as friendly as it seems.
Hospital story
We Moved Next Door To A Sleazy Club
Now I know why angels use cemeteries as feeding grounds
Our visit to Carol and Clyde's snowball farm
the newspapers... they made me understand
We moved into a new apartment and keep hearing a cat meow. We don't have a cat .
Why i'm no longer a 911 dispatcher
I thought my wife was taking a shower, but my wife just got home from work.
Dollhouse in the woods.
Shadow
There's someone else in my house...
How to hire a Hit-man
The hooded boy
I love my husband more than anything in the world, so I did what was best for our marriage.
Buy and offer
I worked at a Christian summer camp. I now believe in demons (Final part)
My highschool girlfriend and her mother stole my youth and my child.
I Saw Some Things
Toy Piano
Are you kosher enough?
I’ve been asexual my entire life, but yesterday I finally met a woman who turns me on.
Paranormal pass out (true story)
Don't Go There At Night
I am no longer eating cheese
WARNING: Never Camp Outside a Haunted Tree
It wasn’t us part 1
I Found Dead Bodies In My Sister’s House
The Walk Home
I Thought I Was Alone
The soul game
New York City Rent
Phantom alarms
I think a creature from an anime is trying to kill me.
I’ve always hated hotels, but now I have a reason to.
Just because it's funny, doesn't mean it's not horrible.
Wanna play a game
If you hear cries of help in the woods late at night, just run and do not be afraid. Do not be afraid of the Imitator
The Figure (Part 1 and what has been going on)
I work at an amusement park called Frankie's FunLand
I am a liar.
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’? (Part 6)
I killed a rapist the other day.
Creepy staring sister
Help please!
There is a monster in my house
The Kushtaka (say "no" to clickbait titles)
I found a satchel hidden in my grandparents attic and the contents have given me chills
I'm a cleaner - The Organisation
These words came to me in a dream, I'm pretty fucked up right now
There is something out there.
Bones of the Past Don’t Stay Buried
I don’t think this was “just a dream”I work as a facilitator between the dead and the living
Red Shoes
F•R•I•E•N•D•S
The Girl who Could See Death
There's someone standing outside my apartment, part 3
What we found in the woods.
Green
My guardian
Could a ghost save you?
seehearsmelltouchTASTE
A serial Killer's Happy eyes.
I am finally ready to tell what happened to my family when I was 7... I have already called and admitted everything to the police:
What happens when you send a letter to the South Pole instead of the North Pole
A Strange Death Recorded by the Camera
Redstop.
The therapist
My friend had an encounter with some cryptids while trespassing on a local country club...
A Piece of Me DIED With You That Night...
I was a homeless man, now I’m back to my 12-years-old self (Final)
The flashes. The fire. The snow. The ashes.
I am a professional rule breaker : The Garden Hill Mimic.
The Psychogenic itch
my sister knew exactly when my grandma passed away
The red planet
I Interviewed A Ghost
The Final round of the Psych Lab
I barely escaped them.
I Babysit a murderer.
Rabbit’s Revenge
There's a Witch in the Trunk of My Car
She is so incredibly beautiful.
“We're trapped in a school with no memories, and the ghosts say the only way out is through the library”: Part 2
Cosplay
My Secret Santa has been very generous this year- December 21
My daughter’s doll says things it isn’t programmed to say...
There’s something weird about my new house.
My friend was part of a cult
The RoomThe Hungry Dark
Pneuma (part 1)
Cancer sucks even worse when you..
The Firehouse
If I win the contest, I can go back to my fucked up town
I'm Sorry
My Grandmother Had The Weirdest Condition. When She Died It Got Worse.
Michael Wants Out-Revisiting
The Hooded God
I'm a private pilot. Last week I saw things up there that I still can't explain.
huge giveaway!! https://dlive.tv/busemann
Journey of Surrogacy: the Ultimate Guide
My experience with the Beldam
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. My bouncer and I got beaten up by a little girl.
The Porcine Horror (Second Half)
Order # 0002
The old man from down the path
There’s things outside. I don’t know if I can take this anymore
I just wanted some grapes.
We danced
I Have Information About you and Tens of Millions of Americans. It's Been Leaked.
My little sister received visits from the Feather Lady
I'm a good listener and my words are venom
The Creatures On The Forest (Part 1)
James (Tales Of Rumoria) Part 1
Till Brooklyn
I saw something amazing I wish I didn’t...
New Kitten — Advice needed!
Morgan’s creek
A Sharp Knife
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel, I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories
Memories of Asbestos in the Church Basement
COVID-19 isn’t what everyone thinks it is.
The beast within.
Unexplainable happenings of Oma's house
Witches. True story
Haze
I'm a barber. All my customers are losing their hair, but that's only the beginning of the process.
My town is a little strange (part 2)
I wish I never moved here
I wish you would stop screaming at the children
The Happiest Place Stole My Little Brother (Part 1)
Grandma's Obsession about Weeping Angels.
Just Don't Go In The Basement
I have seen the face of death , and she is beautiful part two
Was she dragging her feet?
Everyone thinks I'm crazy, but the same person knocks on my door every Halloween night. He won't go away.
Halcyon network message 2141**********
Jinns
There's something bad happening at the steampunk parade
DO NOT REOPEN IF GUVERNMENT TAKES OVER YOUR BUSNISSES
I finally found her
My Perfect Jamie. ( Rewritten. )
The disappearances of Shore part 1
I Love Talking To Strangers
I Have Seen the Hole in the Universe
My Soul Is Fighting Me For My Life
I’m a lawyer and my client is part of a class action law suit against a company that doesn’t exist
I bought a vr suit and I don’t think I can get out.
The New Black
My shadow walks around the room at night and I can’t move
my dad death
He wasn't supposed to be in there
In a school
My mother has always had a strange obsession with this old nursery rhyme. Now I know why.
A cursed website I like to look at when I’m bored
My Dad Walked in on a Robbery
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you ever get stuck on it.
I work as part of a research team in Greenland. We think we've found Noah's Ark.
Walking home at night
See you in 2030
The fox has no face and I'm scared
THE HOME INTRUDER
it ran from the garage
Advanced Bravery and Sacrifice
It’s not possible for someone to be in my house, I have a security system.
Can you see that ?
No survivors from the town, but one repeated phrase burned into my mind, "Praise to our god, who has now granted us purification." Part 1.
Collection
Are you brave enough to look?
She has found me.
I have been stuck in a hellish universe for several years (Part one)
I'm a security guard, hired to protect an estate. The forest has eyes
Ghost plane
I Hunt Makers
My sister is a triple amputee, yet I can hear her walking around at night Pt.2
Brighter futures suicide hotline
Best Story With Under 500 Upvotes 2019 Winners!
I'm a Marine. SOI was trash.
It's in the fog
1996 and 1999 two kids.
I know things. By things I mean that I know the future. Part 2
Me and my friends like to dig up corpses at night. Sometimes we get more than we bargained for.
My daughters last words
Octopus Man
A story about a picture I made
There’s something weird about my new house (UPDATE).
Tales from the town I grew up in (Part 1)
One of Us Will Get Her
my crush has been acting weird lately and im not sure what to do
NoSleep Interview with Scott_Savino!
The brat next door
The Void Between People Is Never Closed
Dear Daphne,
My daughter said something unexpected about her dead twin
I think I wandered into another dimension’s McDonald’s...
Something has been watching me through my window every night.
I don't know what's real anymore.
The Psy-Lab and What Happened in Elko
Just Feeling Alone
My missing childhood friend returned 13 years after she walked into the water.
I saw something in the water when on a ferry
A Search for my son and a school bus with 31 kids
My cousin told me to download Tinder but he also warned me of its dangers.There was a fierce storm outside, and then the Emergency Alert System came on.
Never ignore the T&amp;C.
Something Rearranges My Room Every Night (Part 2)
I can't stop scratching my head
Edie sings in my head
Have you ever seen the field of red lights?
Notes From The Future: #1
The People in my Office
I Got Kicked Out of College and Now I Live in a Haunted House (Part 1)
hey everyone!
Slime
Room 118: The Wrong Room
In the back of your mind...
A Janitor’s stories
Why im on the run
The Stretched People of Appalachia
We played a mean prank on a kid when I was younger. It was the worst mistake I ever made.
Ghost Stories and Hallucinations?
Thirty-Four Years Ago I saw Something At The Grady's Carnival Of Mysteries Funhouse I Still Can't Explain
I met this woman at a support group. Now I’m digging up my wife’s corpse. Part 1
I must be still out there somewhere...Above Average
Recurring dreams since I were 13.
The satanic pizza Journals: My terrible choices
Unwanted Craigslist Missed Connection
I Dream of the Great Journey.
I share a body with a prince of hell, and here is why
Case File LJH-001-001 : The Cave at Welti Falls
Breaking Point
The Phantom Bus
Beauty in the Snow
The Leprechaun
My Shower Freaks Me Out.
The Crying
Always say "tabi tabi po" while walking in the night in the Philippines
I found a dead body, and I'm still seeing him.
My Teacher is CRAZY and I am the only one who notices
Conversation With a Stranger
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. I somehow survived the shift (FINAL)
My beloved family home is changing and I am powerless to do anything to stop it.
The music from my closet
The Sin Box
Something watched me as I tried to fall asleep. For multiple nights.
pöö
My Encounter Over London
IT will always haunt you (edited repost)
The Screaming at The Catholic School I Work At.
DocFone
Doors to Your Mind
The Nephelim - Neil
what if...
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 2)
SHAME ON YOU - Part II
Our School Bus Was Ambushed By A Bunch Of PHYCHOPATHS
My parents want me to commit suicide with them. What should I do?
Crystel Lamp
The Black Pills Part 5
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (final part)
I Live in an Uncharted Country (Part 2)
I'm scared of my girlfriend, or whatever it's inside her. (TriggerWarning/SlightNSFW)
Freddie the ghost
Black Site 7
Edmund Ravens: The Evil Inside
The thing will grab me the moment I fall asleep.
The crawl space in my house is infinate.
The Fridge
My Grandpa, The Cultist
They lied to us. It was not Mountain Lions causing the disappearances in the woods...
The lights went out
“Come in and see”(part 1)
My wife passed away unexpectedly at 32 years old last Sunday night leaving behind myself and our two 12 year old boys. I have a GoFundMe posted along with our address incase anyone would like to mail something for the kids. The GoFundMe is called - Help The Lloyd Family, please share &amp; repost Thanks
Itsy bitsy spider crawled up the lonely man,
The Massachusetts Massacre of 1780
My grandma is scaring me. (p2)
Uh hey I'm new so I thought I might write a scary story for my first post...I hope you like it
i keep hearing loud dragging noises in my house.
There’s something wrong with the other survivor here
Shadow 1
I Thought it was just barking
GUTTED (EDITED)
GET TO KNOW
The old woman Who was a pervert
Something unimaginably awful happened to my best friend.
I heard a voice saying “don’t go home” during a dream. I should’ve listened to it...
The Black Creature’s Suffocation
The whispers
I just graduated from medical school, and my new hospital has some very strange rules
The Snori Library after dark.
I started working the night shift at a local gas station in our city, my boss has some strange rules implemented here
Well this is awkward...
The National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Mammoth Cave
Stories of a Janitor
The Winter Cannibal
Why dont you believe me?
Don't Tempt Fate 2 - Inspector Jimmy
The Faerie
The きっぇr
I had a very scary dream but it wasn't a nightmare (part 2)
my son's addiction to video games killed people.
Everyone in town loves Frockle’s fantastic sour lime caramels
Me and some others people are kidnapped by a mysterious creature
My father's basement
Red Velvet
Camping
Pigs feet.
A Guide from A Monster Hunter Part VI
The Nights of Feverish Dreams
The Mud-Bound Tome
Waiting For a Train
The 9 legends of Rance's Avenue: Part IV - Who's the victim now?
I just woke up from a coma. I saw the future while I was asleep, and let me tell you, it was absolutely horrifying.
I spoke to the Devil and now he's killing everyone i know. {Part 1}
I had a nightmare during the Wolf Moon...or did I?
The log line that should not be
Crispy Donuts
Battle Cat
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, and I'm going back there. Pt2
The Earl Of Sandwich
When i was little i saw a dark shadow
Lifesucker
The Simp Part 1.
Don't install motion tracker sensors in your apartment
i lost the biggest part of my childhood memories
He's Here
Tag, Your It
An elderly woman told me the worst thing she's ever done.
The creature
My house has a demonic entity
Ear Worm—and I need help before I do something bad
The Reality Behind the Famous Arts School - ChiArts
This holiday season is the anniversary of the most terrifying night of my life.
My girlfriend was born a demon.. and is with me always..
Edgar is different.
SirenHead
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: David's Divine Dilemma
How to write and tell really good scary/creepy stories?
WARNING: THE SOUNDS
You’d think it’s a fun job, in food and beverage
Forever Valentine
I Played A Creepy Dating Sim... Then I Found Out It Didn't Exist!
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a Trial (Part 2) (Minor Gore warning)
I met the cutest guy last night!
My friend became very upset when I didn't reciprocate their romantic feelings.
I might look at it tonight
I Build Furniture out of Doors
The thing in my mirror
I Walked Into A Door That Wasn’t There Before. The Door Disappeared Behind Me.
The Ugly Barnacle
Is someone who leaves their dog to suffer from an itchy rash their whole life as bad as a serial killer?
My brother told me a story about a stump that grants wishes. He says it isn’t real, but I found it.
Can't sleep (06AUG2020)
I'm a maintenance man for the Hotel Inertia and the second floor has a hunger problem...
There’s a creature outside my backyard #2 (Final)
Harmony
A school lockdown is happening. The intruder isn't human. PART 2
Stalker and identity thief (NEED HELP)
The Dead, Africa – Part 1
I'm home alone for a week with a ghost
SeniorPrank.Edu
Hansel’s Sister
Thorn Prick
This world is cruel pt 1...I'm a doctor, and I recently discovered a terrifying new disease.
There's safety in fours
Weird dreams
The Wrath of a Friend
The Different Kid
This is MY Story (part one)
Feeding Time
We ran an experiment to find out what happens to consciousness after death. I wish we could take it all back.
The dark alleyway
Tales From The Apocalypse- The Kid
Just another camp legend
Bright light..
Just remember, as you go around locking your doors tonight...
I'm Myra Kindle but this is not a report. This is about the man in my dreams (Pt 3)
The Hooded deamon
We Decided to Rob Banks for Thrills. It’s Getting Overwhelming.
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (FINAL)
I Saw Something Outside The Airplane Window
LOOKING FOR STORIES FOR OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL!👻
I played the elevator game without consent and here are the consequences
I saw things when I drank after Midnight, I haven’t been the same since
Vigilante.
Close To You
Reasons why you should keep watching porn
Something evil wanted to kill my friend
When I was 12 i saw something in my room.
There is a red door on my basement . something else lives on my town
The adventure of Jude Luden
I used to work as a police officer. Here's the incident that stuck with me.
My Girlfriend and I Went Camping. Something Came Back with Us.
The "Manananggal"
I'm a serial killer, but the latest victim I've kidnapped came from a town I've never heard of.
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- Why Willow is covered in blood (Part 7)
My adoptive father is a cannibal.
The Stimulus Email Isn't What You Think It Is, Don't Click On It- P1
My Child Won’t Move.
I feel that I'm being watched
Something Sinister Lurked In My Childhood Woods— It Ruined My Life
Shinobara
I’m still trapped in a mystery basement.
Never play games on the dark web. Part one: the black hoodie.
My Sweet Victim
2 Red Eyes in the Dark
Is it illegal to kill someone who's already dead?
I work at a private museum for the rich and famous. Today I made my escape.
True story
If you feel paralysed, it's already too late.
Someone Has Been Trying To Kill Me For a Year. Now I Know Why. (Part 2)
Primeval
I Can See People's Sins Pt. 2
I played the new Blair Witch game and now she's stalking me
Are The Owls In Your Town Acting Strange? Get Out Now
‘Twas the Eighth Night After Christmas I couldn’t make things right
I've definitely been here before, and I need help.
My friend warned me to never try lucid dreaming. Now I believe him.
The Hot Girl on Tinder said she wanted my heart, I didn't think she meant literally...
The Game of Escalations
If you slip you die
I will have always seen destiny
The human body is horrifying.
Ghosts Don't Exist
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them.
The Silent Thunder
Anything to feed my kids Part 1
Linger 1
Single and deadly lol love to have fun, party, drink but not to pass out. Looking for someone real that I can call my ride and die bby girl that I can offer her the world.. I’m a hard working Mexican I’m an hvac tech make good amount of cash that I want share with my bby!!
Just Saw A White Eyed Demon
darkness
I moved in with my crush. I will never be the same.
My brother died because of youtube
My good friend
My wife doesn't speak to me anymore.
Art
Please, don't search for aliens.
WhAtsGoingOn
My dog found something in the woods... and it wasn't an animal.
Something really scared me.
I hunt Serial Killers. The F.B.I. Has nicknamed me “The Grim Reaper” And I cant stop until I find and destroy Legion. (Part 2)
I will never go back to the forest.
Toby’s dad
Ever wondered how it all started
My Demon
I just traveled time. After what I saw, I am glad I will die soon.
I worked for NASA over 9 years, there are secret experiments taking place on the I.S.S.
The White Dogeater
A hostile super-intelligence is coming for us all.
The new presence in my house
I woke up to a box containing a gas mask a shotgun and a mission, the creatures are everywhere.
Mr. Boblyubov
I ate an 8,000$ meal
I don't have much time
The monster living in my house just killed my family.
Full of Emptiness
I'm worried about Colm
the tall man
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left a strange set of rules...
F***k all these click bait titles, I’m just calling this one "The Wrestler".
An Escape
I saw “it”
My mom won't stop crying, I now know why.
I'm Guarding an Old Mall Overnight. Something is Very Wrong.
The Tubes
Silver Thread
billboard that had a sign that cranked
I can't get out of this TED talk (Part 2)
Sooo Scary I couldn't sleep for 3 days
I found 2 siren heads outside my house
Uncle Ron's Funeral
Never use a Ouija Board alone
I cannot sleep by the shore.
I’ve been having insomnia for two months and i think its from a video that said will drive you insane (part1)
There's a new MLM company but it went viral for the wrong reasons
Looking for Scary/Horror Space Stories
My Brother is Sick
Reboot Life.exe
My friend wanted me to do an awful thing. I wish I did now.
Final case-notes of a prominent psychologist found shot to death. Typed in suspicious diction.
My roommate Zina.
Summit
From a faded journal, found behind an old bookcase in a boarded up London house. Someone had taken great pains to record their experiences. What did those early explorers discover? (Part 2)
War
If anyone thinks food has been tasting off please read
HELP my terrifying ghost attack last night.
Beware Suspicious Ceiling Tiles
It Preys on the Comatose(Part I of V)
Relationship problems... Molly?
A little girl walks into a bar
Amnesia (continued &amp; ending)
A Curse and a Blessing
Time is running and it might be too late
My Friends and I Visited a Graveyard. We Think.
He's gone (trigger warning: bloodshed)
The news is flooded with murder. I don't know what to do.
Please help me. I've been kidnapped and I'm held near Finland.
I've been having nightmares about killing people for years. Today I found out they weren't dreams, and I know who's going to die next (Part 2).
Cupid's Ring (Part 1)
There are spirits in my house and I feel them near me has I type this...
It Waits Beyond the Door
Hide and Seek
I was the nightwatch of an old museum in Savannah Georgia, I knew the pay was too good to be true.
Cat scratches
My best friend
I Logged Onto Facebook Three Hours After My Girlfriend’s Death To Check My Messages, I Wish I Would Have Just Gone On Snapchat Instead
My neighbourhood has turned into a "horror-hood"
Shoggoth.
Chest Pain
The Diary
Mommy is always right
I have 5 children
There is only gaming to me
It was one of those nights where its too hot to sleep.
Airbnb Stalker
My OCD.
I'm not scared of you.
White Dog
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve never been out of the country before. Part VI
What does your baby taste like?
What I know about the "haunted" house near me.
Whatever You do, don't enter the Gnarled Forest
I inherited a pub in the city. My regulars aren’t regular.
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Part 3)
Stuff. Corp
Last night, I had the best sex of my life.
I can't see Big Bird the same. (NSFW/NSFL)
RADIO SOBRAL CLASSE A
Killer Clown at School
The house I never should've bought.
My twin sister (Part three)
I've been listening in through Siri and decided to track down the address
He smokes Bahman cigarettes
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Tegen has anginophobia.
I found out I owned a lost game for the N64. It almost drove me insane.
I think I'm going to die soon.
Cat Sitting (part 2 of 2)
Barbie Girl
My diary.
Like Lambs
Sam the imaginary friend
I have read one page of an Arabian magic book, it was a mistake!
I found a Reddit account filled with cute stories.
She Had Always Been There
I slept with a hooker and now my penis does weird things (Part 1)
Sleep support group
I am too scared to go to sleep because all i see are those damn eyes.
Any tips on how to get an earwig out?
I work for a company that recovers strange artifacts. Workers must follow specific rules to survive. (part 2)
Mr. Whiskers
Da Untraveled Rud
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse. Part 2
A long vacation
My dream my dream is making me go insane
Roxas Hall
Recently Published one of my stories on Wattpad
The God Farm (Part 5)
How to leave your body and what to expect.
I created the Three Kings ritual while in Mexican juvie. This is another thing that happened to me around that same time.
I think I took a ride on the Philadelphia Wandering Bus
Don't buy a cheap VPN
Piano.. but..
Felicity was never going to make it out.
I went to Rapid City to hunt, not knowing I was the prey.
Alex’s Story
NEVER stay in room 06....
aj1bwcx12k
Love and Death Just Don't Mix Well
When being a trivia nerd (and an interdimensional being) ruin your Fridays
The Jesus Ouija Board (Pt 3)
There are labs you dont know about.
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 11)
The boy in the fire pt.3
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land.
The glint of light within the dark.
Hard Weather
An Abduction Story You'll Never Read
The day the siren rang pt.2
Please don't upvote. I'm just looking for the story where OP said he would kill one of the commenters
Retail is Hell
I just want to ask whatever happened to that search and rescue woods guy from 4 years ago? Was it all indeed real?
Something is in the woods behind my house
The Jackdaw
SOME BLACK MAGIC BULLSHIT
I think I’m being haunted...
There’s a voice in my head
The Other Ella
I haven't eaten in weeks, and I don't think I'll eat ever again.
Stocholm quarantine part one
These are a few things that have happened to me in my haunted house.I'm a farmer and my donkeys got out and murdered everyone. I'm so sorry.
The first page of this was just a demand: "SHUT THE GATE"
Worst Grindr hookup ever
I found out the horrifying truth about my ex-boyfriend's favorite video game.
Never-Ending Solitude
Diamondback Rock
There is something outside my house.
I know where humanity comes from and I need you to listen before it's too late.
I Hate Attics
The creatures hunting in our neighborhood
I'm unable to feel fear, so I'm here to do you all a favor.
Chlorine
Never go to those "unblocked games websites." I did, and now I could die in minutes.
I am the framer of cursed images. (part 4)
Fish
My implant told me to do it (part 1)
Chasing The Enemy
My husband leaves our house every night at 3 am.....and comes back exactly an hour later, drenched in blood. (Part 1)
I work as a receptionist at a hospital. A very strange woman walked in one night. If she asks you this one question, always answer no.My boyfriend tried to kill me in my sleep. I never dated again....
My experience with a stranger
A Note Apart (Part 1)
The Monsters Aren't Real
I am a scientist and a zombie apocalypse is coming
The highest stakes
Lighthearted podcast with spooky stories
The World Through My Eyes
I'm stuck in the Wendy's bathroom
I thought it was sleep paralysis
My Sister and I Bought Some Property and This is What We Found Out
It's happening again
My friend's arm WAS stuck inside a wall
That’s Not My Mom
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part V
Queens Hospital, quarantined, part 2
Sometimes talking to the Man in the Moon isn't a great idea.
Area 51 Is Not What You Think It Is. Its a Distraction From Something MUCH Worse...
Tales From A Lonely Motel: The Virus at the Motel - Part 3
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 1)
I “borrowed” somebody’s old tv, now I want to return it. But I can’t.
The Marble Man
What’s Wrong with My Boyfriend p. 2
Dogman
I stumbled upon a town that's stuck in the 1940s. Going outside during Monster Night is a terrible idea!
Tinder Date
The Neon Man Won't Let Me Jog
I’m trapped in a tv show, I think.
A few weird experiences. Any thoughts?
I Work in a Haunted Hospital: The Burned Woman (Part 1)
I saw some horrible things at work but this made me leave and never look back, I’m haunted by the memories each night
The wormhole that led to a demonic universe.
Released- This is my first ever creepypasta and I wrote it for my creative writing class. I hope you like it!
My Reflection Hasn’t Changed Since I Was 21 Years Old
All I wanted was an electric toothbrush, but I got myself involved with something much darker...
My girlfriend was standing by the window and sleeping next to me.
Radiation Detector Squeals While Exploring an Abandoned DuPont Explosives Tunnel; Pictures Included
Confessions of a Grocery Store Manager (Part two)
Someone joined video call with my friends.
Country Roads
The Will of Scott Bullhill
My Friend and I did something bad at the movies when we were teenagers. (1/3)
I am being followed
I think my treehouse is haunted
Laternia Magica
Every Year, Someone from my Town is Chosen to Leave - Finale
I need to let him in
Something Murdered Me In Every One Of My Past Lives
Piggy
Briarcliff
The Forsaken War Pt. 1: Discovery
I Am Not Michael
I suffered from sleep paralysis, but only at my parents' house
Here I Am.. Inexistant
I've Been Offered 100k to Stand in a Room. Alone. These are the Terms and Conditions.
Clouds
My grandfather's palaeontology notes
Creepy uncle
I had one job...
That Night
Mama Wolf
My house might be haunted
Rules for working at Standies Mannequin Warehouse (Part 1)
Our first date went well, until we took the backroads. Never take the backroads off highway 3A.
The White Figure
The Sleeping Wanderer
I hope they made it home.
I Found a Village in Italy That Still Worships a Roman Goddess, and Now I Wish I Didn't (Part 4)
I believe I may be some sort of messiah
A Devil of their own
My husband went spelunking, and he hasn't been the same since.
I'm an author and everything I write comes true
Don't Listen to the Voice in the Alleyway
There's something wrong with my wife part 2
Illuso, the Grand Magician
My office is based in a Manhattan WeWork. I stayed late last night, and things got… strange.
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part three)
The Family Home
I got a new pet parrot. But then I heard it speak, and now I'm afraid of what it might make me do.
(Serious Stories Only) people of reddit, I was wondering If anyone has a story to tell about the ritual What Nature Can Show You
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 12)
The irony of my quarantine
If You See Spots When You Close Your Eyes - Ignore Them
Scary Stories To Tell in the Dark - The Dream
A Nightly Jog
Leap of Faith
D&amp;D got my girlfriend killed.
A random girl at night in Asia
The history teacher knows
I had an interesting vacation...
Anybody interested in the Occult?
Sleep paralysis (Inception)
She always looked good in red.
I responded to a murder at a supposedly haunted house; now I am having nightmares and can’t remember periods of time.
I want you to see...
Fuck ProctorU
An Unassuming Door To The Underworld
I am literally afraid to sleep.
My encounter with me
An unhappy Halloween
Paranormal Investigating alone
Camping night
I bought a legally haunted house to get rich quick
Short but probably true
New shoes
My tribe has been eradicated and now I'm out for revenge Part 1
My daughters achieved the perfect Halloween costume
True home invasion from this morning
My Sister loves me.
The Floating Woman Part One
The Marine Corps Isn't What It Seems Part 1
I Thought I Was Imagining The Noises Outside My House, Until I Saw The Tracks In The Snow Part 2
My friend hired me to babysit. The house has some weird rules. The Finale
Acting my life away
I’ve been cutting skin off.
The Beast
At the Holy Grail Casino, you gamble with a lot more than money
The smiling doodle
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are pretty disturbing. (Part 1)
Calliope
Peacekeeping mission in Africa
I write the same dream every 1AM past midnight
Rural Encounter
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 5
I’m 90% sure that the school I go to is haunted
My Girlfriend Starred in a Movie that Doesn't Exist
I Work at a Casino Where People Bet Their Bodies and Souls in Hopes of Riches and Power.
Charter School Survival Guide – Respect the Power of Knowledge
Hello, I’m Watcher. I have a message for you.
Dad Will Be Back Soon
Please. DO NOT USE RANDONAUTICA.
They call me a monster (trigger warning violence, sex assault, necrophilia and cannibalism)
I am a former Soviet soldier who fought in World War Two. I have some stories I need to tell you about what I saw in war.
To Alice and family
It’s a small world (thread)
We snuck into a historic hotel in London. Something inside didn't want us to leave.
I saw “ *it* “
I think my coworker doesn't have a mouth underneath her mask
Warning level Black
I Think Something’s Wrong With My Implant
The Savior Behind Me
Just a Scratch
I died over a year ago. I just woke up (Part 2)
Everyone in my town have started acting strange and I’m the only one left
This is When the Rain Starts
The masks don’t work.
My Love
Any Scary Stories Or Scary Experiences With The Paranormal
I keep seeing myself walk by
Hide sleep run seek die live
So I can switch bodies with people, and I encountered my first problem with it.
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 1
Wisconsin Northwoods- Never Enter if Not Invited
I think they’ve kept me for two years
Helping the devil back to hell
Widow Burning Still Happens
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 9)
There’s a sharp pain in my back
I think I’m being watched, please help.
I work graveyard at a boutique hotel during the weekends and this is a true story
My Uncle's Estate
I See Things That Other People Are Afraid To (PART 3)
Doing strange things in my sleep
My grandmother died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Our family is not what it seems
Nyuki
The Screaming from the Bog
My great great grandpa passed worked in a catacomb in the Wild West he saw something that he shouldn’t have seen.....
The Murderer's Guide to Lawn Care
The Ghost in my House is not Human
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone
Facebook Group for Book Lovers
Why they kept the doors locked.
A Beautiful Morning
The Other Me.
True Story
We Travel To Parallel Universes When We Sleep.Stories from the Thrift Store
Very creepy new website about lost SpongeBob EP: www.sponge26b.com
You can find infinite bliss at the center of Reverie Wood. But you must follow these rules in order to get there.
Azealia Banks Digs Up And Boils Her Dead Cat?!
A Whistle from the Forest
Highway 69
The passengers keep following me
I need a second pair of eyes on this job offer
They call me the Best Ghost Hunter in England... this case was missing a ghost. PART 1
Car trouble
The CHRISTMAS CULPRIT
She Is Gone - Part 1
Re-upload of 'Tormented' cos the last one was taken down. Also there were a few spelling errors, so i fixed them.
My mother in-law is Tormenting me she’s been gone since 2013
It's been 7 years but I still don't if it was truly a dream. (Part 1)
She can hear them
I don't have a car anymore, but I can still drive to work. Getting fuel is a problem.The figure was always on the hilltop and Then One Day It Started to Climb Down
Dear Internet
A weird ability that i might have but don't know how to control.
LOST DOG (PART 6)
In every 25 years someone in my college die. Today's the 100th anniversary and I think it's me. (Part 1)
My grandfather strange experience.
I am a single male, and what I saw last night will follow me for the rest of my life.
I survived my hunting trip but something is still hunting me
Don’t go to sleep on FaceTime. Part 1
I Summoned the Something I Shouldn't Have
Why me?
A follow up
Ghost Radar
Obscure sentence, non-sequitur plot generators
The Truth But Barely Any Time To Tell
The Peculiar Outbreak on East Timber Parkway
“This is your Captain speaking."
A Young Audience
I’m a dentist for monsters. Sometimes I do home visits.
Why Is It Still There?
Reddit is stalking me...
An angel brought my sister back from the dead.
The secret room
I am stationed at a secret location called the Pig Pen. Reality doesn't work in this place.
At Night, Our Minds Come For Us
Today I Met the Devil, Tomorrow I Meet God
JAB-76842-9
How To Survive The Gaps In Time Travel
There's a Monster in the Corn
Untitled Short Story
Hi, my name is Enza and my Mommy creates monsters
The Flowers at my Doorstep Final Pt
I found a book hidden in my deceased grandfather's library. Today, I got some answers. (3)
Neighbouring.
MIRROR GAZING
More stories.
Please help me PLEASE
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 16)
It Took My Brother Being in Danger for Me to Accept Our Gift - Final
Be careful what you read
Back Again
I am a security guard for a museum, this place has some strange rules.
Closet door
It (creepy Halloween)
Excerpts from the final letter sent to the Broadside Butcher by his mother, as found post his execution
The Shadow's Plague
I know what's coming.
People in My Neighborhood Are Glitching
I don't take long car rides on country roads anymore
Short Story Series: Part 2
The Noctopohhnn
The lake house
I'm running away with the woman from the pond.
‘Twas the Ninth Night After Christmas I fought to the last
Spiders in the Basement
Tether
Which one wins?
Something’s Gotten Into the AnimalsThere was a woman living in the woods...
I`m a police detective, and I cover every mirror in my house at night.
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 4)
I am a therapist that specializes in abused children. Ever since I started seeing my new patient, something been happening
"Red Moon" CreepypastaFive dumbasses and a monster.
Welcome Home.
I’m a cop and everyone is pretending like my case from 15 years ago never happened (Part 2)
man door hand car hook door
I Work Nights at a Haunted Hospital
In My Restless Dreams
Scare Me To Sleep.
The Little People Live Underground
There's a Seam in Everything
The real Logan Paul died years ago, in the Aokigahara Forest, and I have proof
Five More Minutes
The Killing House
Sea Angels
Decaying life of mine...
The Women on the Parkway
My family owns a resort where the rich hunt people for sport; for the first time in a long time, I think I want the prey to win.
There Was a freight ship that sank in the Atlantic, it wasnt because of pirates- Part 2
I don't get why.
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 6)
I teach English to foreign students - I broke the rules and watched one of my students devour a classmate.
PagerDuty saved my life
I’ve been turned into a vampire, and I know I’d be better off dying. But there’s one reason I can’t.
The killer at large is in now way human
I think a monster has been living under my bed for the last 10 years
I’ve been having crazy dreams while being pregnant, is that normal?
My friends and I heard a jack-the-box whistle while hunting in the woods!
Dream hopper part one.
''Visit it, the key to your chains is on this planet, and when you recive it, you will be free.''
A really bizarre gift
I was a human experiment
Online Chatting
From Unknown
I think I found a dimension in between dimensions, and something followed me back
Thank You for Calling the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
New creepy pasta
i heard something when i was little
I Was Pinged On A Discord Server 44 Times.. I Now Know Why..
What was in the street and what keeps creaking open my door?!?
I didn't believe in anything supernatural until I had this horrible experience
My sixth life
Something tried to help me feel alive, in the most twisted way possible.
My Wife Called Today. She’s Been Dead For Over A Year. (Part 2)
This desire
I was pen pals with an executed death row inmate. I think he was innocent. Final Part.
Words to a Librarian part 2
Lazarus Rose
You’ll never know.
Session 25
Not a creature was stirring...
It won't leave me alone.
UPDATE: I guess it never left....
That damn buzzing noise
I'm translating old Japanese history books. This one is about a group known as the Sea People.
I’m stationed on the Falkland Islands with the British Army. There’s a reason these islands are so important.
Text Message Horror Story | The Request
Strange things are happening
I gave my professor a 1-star review on Rate My Professor. This is the terrifying email he sent me after he found it.
The Fog Down a Mountain Pass
Open Studio
There was people at my house at my very long sleep paralysis
I met the devil. Twice.
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Eight
I'm a Ranger in the Canadian wilds. A shadow has followed me through the forest...
There are many ways to die
Can a building haunt a person?
I drove down a road that doesn't exist
Childish People
The Strange cases of a Philadelphia Cop 1/2
I work on a cruise ship and everyone is missing from the morgue. Part 2
Body eating itself
ghost
There's way too many spiderwebs in my walls
The Scavenger's Daughter (Part 1)
I dream about a lot of dead people
My Reflection Keeps Smiling
Pls help I don’t know what to do.
The First Time Living on My Own
Donum the Gifting Cat
What if the Devils biggest scheme was convincing mankind that the bible was Gods word?
Words of Wisdom part 3
Deep Sleep
Walkie Talkies
I dreamed that I died in a plane crash and went to literal Hell..
The glitchy phone
About a couple years ago I was looking through social media and I bump into one odd song that I remember vaguely.
I think my nurse is a vampire on steroids
I just want to be pretty
Do Not Trust Micro Leaps Inc
I Downloaded an App to Track my Sleep, What it Recorded has me Afraid to Ever Sleep Again. (pt.1)
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. I think it awoke a lust for murder in my town
I think you would've done what I did too if you loved someone that much...
TRUE STORY, MY PRIMARY SCHOOL TEACHER SECRETLY RECORDED US CHILDREN WITH PEN CAMERA IN CHANGE ROOMS... and he’s walking free in protective custody.
I only met my friends family thrice, and I fear I will never recover from the uncanny encounters
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Part 3.Happened a few years ago.
I Was Quarantined at a Chuck E. Cheese
Bug Reports for APPLICATION_REDACTED
My creepy, distorted dream.
You never really know who someone is.
Teleporting is scarier then you think. (Part 1)
A 1930s Cartoon Character
A nice guy
NEW HORROR NARRATION
A lone man's last resort.
The thing in my backyard.
My Recent Experience
A scratch
I think the woods near my house is used for mass burial (my first story)
The Nazis found a strange tunnel on a French beach but where it led they weren't expecting.
The Old Gods of the Forest (Finale)
Nazi Germany has reached Stalingrad, we have to evacuate.
The Worst Sin
Bottles Of ‘Happiness’
What is one of the worst Skinwalker, Wendigo, or any other Cryptic encounter you’ve had?
I was afraid for my life this morning
Who was talking to the dog?
There's Something Living in My Storage Unit
Give it up for hour 40!
Someone, or something is in here. (Pt. 1)
A Sinister Smile.
the real me?
There were loud noises over the intercom speaker,Now there’s extinct creatures in my town Part 2
I work in a lamp store. Shattered lamps mean rain and corpses.
I am an elementary school teacher and I must protect all of my pupils
There was a scratching sound.
The Cloud Stalker (Part 1)
Inside the Coffin's Walls
Don't spy on strangers
An Unnatural Winter Night
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about my family
I’m preparing to hunt down The Cult for the Safety of Earth’s Men. (PART 2)
I woke up with my entire body encrusted in shit (part 2)
I found a subreddit that listed deaths before they happen.
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: Forest of the Four Kings
I did something stupid in 2007...
Darkness Descends
Don't Use the 5th Room
I went to sunday school with a shapeshifter
Niff and Biff (part 2)
Our town doesn’t celebrate Halloween here, we hide from it.
He Needs To Eat
The clouds are brown. (Follow-up)
Where is it coming from?
The ghost of my wife re-enacts her murder every night
I Found a 47 TB Folder on my 128 GB Laptop
I have (had?) a stalker
We’re running out of food here at the Eden Retreat
If You Got a Message From "Find My Mobile" There's Something You Should Know
The Rain
I Think my Son's Pen Pal is Responsible for His Disappearance
Therapy gone horribly horribly wrong....
this is my first time writting a story ever so please go easy on me
I am just a normal person burdened with saving the rest of humanity
I think a demon is following me and my dad
An uncanny adventure
My Relative Could Make Your Worst Horror Fantasy Come to Life
Front Spike: Part 1 "The Sunday/Monday Killer"
The sound part 2
I think my bathtub murdered me
The Character; I.
A Waking Nightmare
There's something outside my door, it wont leave...
My Mother Was A Scientist And Kept Her Work In Lockboxes.
First time ever writing a story; sorry if it's not good
The 006 Express
The Black Eyed Child Part two update.
Processing Anomoly
I discovered a town that stopped existing (part 3)
There Is No Escape #1
Moonrise Inn: The Crack behind the wall
Don't Go To Chehaw Zoo's Gator Feeding
Ggg
WE NEED YOU GUYS
The Old Farm
Rest In Peace Sweet Natalia Gwenyth Darmas
We're not allowed to leave our homes on Halloween.
My code name is Createda Guardian and I would like to help you guys with paranormal and or supernatural things like a detective.
Around the Campfire
Red Balloons
Pokemon Go Home
The last man on earth
I almost reached nirvana
Living in rural Missouri has given me some odd experiences
Something's out there...
The Long Drop
It’s not just ancient viruses we’re finding as the Tibetan Glaciers melt. Something else was trapped in there with them.
Every time my daughter puts on makeup her face changes.
I just fought a ghost an hour ago.
The Records of Sam Parks - The Black Sun
Something is happening at Crookwood State Penitentiary...
False imprisonment, assault, no charges and missing prom in that same weekend.
The thing in my mirror won't stop staring.
Puteri Bunian (Princess of Elves)
I think my memories are broken (part 2)
I Live At The North Pole Part 2( Teke-Tekes)
I bought a new house and since the first time i slept in, i can't really sleep.
Recently I applied to a job in school as a night security guard. They gave me strange list of rules on my first day
What lurks in the mist.
My 3rd day not sleeping.
My Sisters Boyfriend Had Written In My Diary
I need help finding a story on this sub
The black light... chapter 1: the first report
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age fourteen, I started experimenting with witch jars.
Writing of a Mad Man
I work on Midway Island, where the famous WWII battle took place. The birds nesting here are beginning to scare me, Pictures Included
You can't be in love with a dead girl
Slay? Or Spare?
I dreamed of monsters part 1 of 2
The stick-on stickers were twinkling and now my manager is missing part 2
The Fog (Part two)
There is a strange man standing in my hallway
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Three)
My dog has been talking to me. And what it’s telling me doesn’t sound good.
Bury A Friend (Part 1 of 2)
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 2
Jackrabbit and box turtle
I found tapes my grandfather left behind, and I don't think anybody was supposed to find them.
The Fog Bearer
Don't ever miss your train
The Windmills have stopped moving, now I know why.
I Work For My Local Newspaper (Part 1)
I changed my husband, and I fear at what cost.
My old sister
The thing about Rosie...
I think there is demon in my neighbourhood (part three)
WHY ?? Part 1
I work as Paramedic....for the Paranormal. Part 2
weird dreams recently
how did this happen
I found a Note in my Locker, A Month Before My House Was Broken Into
I accidentally created a universe!
I heard a noise in my room, but it was probably nothing
Make it Weaker for the Next One
Salvage Yard
The delay on my TV is starting to worry me...(PT2)
My town is a little strange (part 7)
I am an extraterrestrial being that has been exiled from my home planet. I can also shape-shif!
Remember me when the days are long past
I traveled to my grandparents' town, what I saw made me never return
I Work For A Late Night Radio Show Called "The Witching Hour"
Can you ever outrun your nightmares?
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART TWELVE
Martin is Missing (Final Part)
The Man Who Tortures me
The Dark Thing in the Trees
The Parasite
Nightmares of an Amnesiac P2
I Should Never Have Taken the Carpool to Work for BFSH
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 3
t's been completely dark for 48 hours now, I need to keep a diary
I am afraid of the dark.
The ghosts of Child Miners, Wolf-like creatures, parallel dimensions and more all in the small town of Endiclove
I never thought winter could get worse, until I saw what's outside my cabin.
Instructions to wake up
I deserve nothing good in life.
If you car ever stops working in a gully with forests RUN
Something strange is stalking me and my sister and we need help
Why the hell was Craig pricked Part 2
The Boiler Room
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice | part 3
J xjmm dpnf bhbjo
The Disqueting house
A video game
Their Accounts
I Got My Tonsils Out And Almost Died.
Mt. Hope Motel
True horror story from Southeast Asia
I live in an old Asylum and I don't think I am alone.
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank...now I'm going backI found a diary that belonged to the previous owner's son, I shouldn't have read it.
I was invited to a wedding, the train I took had creepy rules
Diabolus Crucem.
We’re all one large-scale human experiment, and I don’t know what to do about it.
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist
Taken(Part 2)
My cat meows at night...
My Brother Tells Me It's Not Very Safe To Travel Alone. The "Rules of the Road" Say the Same.
I'm interested in what Time talks about. Do you have Time?
Where did the orangutans go?
Idk what it is
Bricky
I survived a twisted game with the devil and came out ontop Pt.3
Missing Brother
The woods in Romania didn't seem that scary ,but Jesus was I wrong...
Forlorn
pestilenceWARfaminedeath
Bah Bah, Black Sheep
admitme
My Wife is Growing Out of Me NSFW
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 3)
The Boonies
Weird Things Keep Happening in my Town and I Don't Know Why
Stevensville
The Real Background About The Elf on The Shelf
I tried a foreign brand of milk, and it started showing up....everywhere.
There's a man who claims we have a contract, but I've never seen or spoken to him before.
The Wicker Saga: The Song of Joy, Part 9
no cheating this test
This is long-winded, weird, and I've avoided the memory until now.
It’s watched me throughout my life
Black Cat
The misadventures of Wes and DaShawn
Storys?
The Pocketbook Grimoire: The First Spell
The EarthStay Curse
Guy standing outside my window at night
This haunts me, our raid went terribly wrong
I Always Read Stories About Skinwalkers, Now I've killed One.
(Part one) The local lab isn’t what it seems ...
World's Best Pie
Project Nephilim
Make perpetual income every month
There's a house in the woods in Germany, and it's wrong
this will truly keep you up
I work as a cop in the city of lights, but my job is anything but conventional
If your house makes creaking noises throughout the night, you need to know this.
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 3 - end)
my friend told me a scary story 10 years ago, it still haunts me to this day
Hank Elkins was executed for murdering my family. Now it's time for justice.
Today, I was turned into a Black Cat...
It just watches
Round we go the world is spinning, when it stops it’s just beginning. Sun goes up we live and we cry, sun goes down and then we all die.
PERDIDO: Part 1
My wife just bought a doll to replace our dead baby
I looked down. Now I'm being hunted.
I’ve seen you before. But where?
A.R.M.D
J Is For Jason 《1》
My doctor says I'm in danger. At this point, I'm expecting death.
It's in the WaterTrees have long memories...
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 6)
I’ve been selected. I think I’m going to die
A Warning To The Public
The Demonolaters (Log: 1 Ch: 1)
Sheela
Missing yoUTubEr
His Wife Died on a Monday. She Died Again on Tuesday.
The safety feature on smart phones
Username connected to my Aunt who is in Heaven
Anyone interested?
Plz help if u know anything I can do to stop or calm it
Does anyone remember this story?
This is true
lucid dream
Kid walking in the midnight...
There's always someone staring
Apartment of Leaves
When I was a kid, my best friend Michael went missing
At Jefferson Park Forest, The Wildlife Isn't The Only Thing You Should Be Afraid Of.
He Called Himself The Story Collector
There’s an urban legend in London about a cursed karaoke song … I think it might be real
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice | part 4
How to Survive Camping: I can't believe we're talking about the lights yet again
I must kill the demons that plague this world.
I've been sent to work in deeper conditions than before, but everything inside of me is telling me to run
Fragments of Deception, Part 1 of 3
Still
My Grandma's House has rules for the whole week
Some people just change over night.
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That Is Going to Get Us Killed. (1)
I Never Let My Dog Outside at Night
Mentally ill father needs intervention. Any insight or advice is greatly appreciated. Apologies for the long post but I just needed to get this off my chest. TLDR: accidentally stumbled upon my cat’s final resting spot, he said he’d bury her but didn’t.
The Suicide Curse
I think my mother isn’t my actual mother.
Dead Dayz
The Halloween HouseIncoming transmission..flagged top priority...source..manned artificial research satellite..The Fiducia... part 1.
The previous tenant left a survival guide. There isn’t a guide for these floors.
epayments to reactivate our accounts
NVGDATA.2009.17.4.MOV
Loretta Jane disappeared three months ago. Lately her face has been appearing in random places and I don't know why.
Your New Life
La Feu Follet
I Make Things
A sketchy chat app has been rising in popularity, and I found out why. (Part 2)
Nobody believed me when I told them the world was about to end.
This is what's happening in my house lately.A possible series of rants from a void in a human body
What i saw the part of a godforssken place in the internet will slowly destroy me
I want it to lick me again
Every Neighborhood Has A Crazy Person, Mine Just Happened To Like Cats
Lying: a freedom I took for granted!
My new security job at the factory has some strange rules...
5:57 A.M....
Hi I'm new to reddit but I have a story
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Here's why I'm at the hospital.
I spent the night at an old friend’s and thought I would never make it home.
1 deadly spirit, 4 happy souls
Becoming a night guard at a military base was not what I thought #2
I am never going to do a Nightwalk again - Part 2
There is a rage brewing
The ghost in the attic
I found my childhood bully on a dating app. I showed her what a nice guy I turned out to be.
Somthing is living in the basement
I discovered plants can talk yesterday, they delivered a warning.
Choosing between garlic and ginger might be your toughest decision.
White Nationalists From Hell (Part 1)
I used to fear my dreams were becoming real. I now am again.
I was curious about how serial killers think, but now I wish I was dead
Found Out the Hotel I Work at Has a Basement
Triangles of the lucky
My Son Thinks Our Neighbor Haunts His Closet. Our Neighbor Is Still Alive.
19 F looking for a friend
EAT YOUR VEGETABLES!
I need help please, I'm afraid of myself
Nobody likes to walk the pathway to cabin number 5 at night. I just found out why.
It started out as curiosity... It turned into something much, much worse. (Pt. 1)
Jellyfish
I Should've Listened...
The mansion in the woods (Part 1)
Don’t Whistle at The Northern Lights
Eu os vi criar Deus
I chased a UFO in a car until it finally landed somewhere. Then I saw what came out of it, and I think the world should know.
Sleepy Hollow Pt.1
The Peculiar Case at Wonderland (2)
Tindering my resignation
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 2)
Charter School Survival Guide – Follow the Bus Rules
There are liminal places in this world that harbor some weird stuff
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 2)
There is a person behind me.
If you see the bleeding woman, you're safe
Room 1001: Where We End, We Begin.
My Strange Dog Sitting Experience
The Baby and the Crab Spider
My Microwave lives in the future Pt. 2
Sleeping Buddy that Helps with Anxiety
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer (Part 2)
I'm a patient at a psychiatric hospital, something is very wrong here.
Work got weird fast pt1
Bad Dog
VERY SCARY
I thought I met my ex in an abandoned subway (Part 1)
I used to believe in karma, but I don't anymore (Part 1)
Hello there..
Dysmorphia
Do you want to build an evil snowman?
I dream of kittens. It's the most horrifying thing I've ever seen.
I really need some advice right now
Anti and datk
I started to belive in demons. I feel more power upon me as following
We lost our mother during the South LA riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back. Final part.
A cord
Five years ago, I found coordinates in a glass bottle that washed up on shore. I'll never forget what I saw when we followed them.
My father died of stage 4 lung cancer so we decided to celebrate Father’s Day early. From bad to worse.
Dad's Last Words
r/nosleep
I Hear Them Now
The King under the Moon
My promise to you
I Think I Left The Tap Running At Home
There's something wrong with my childhood house's attic.
I'm A Vampire Hunter On My Way To Kill Dracula. Luckily For Me I Just Came Across A Vampire Hunting Sale.
In the coming days, you will wake up and find that a perfect set of teeth has spontaneously grown into the palm of your left hand. If you want to survive, pay attention. Part 1
The Extremely long Patrol
My town is a little strange (part 6)
No face man???
Why I don't work overtime.
My mom was almost raped.
MAX
The Mysterious Family : Part 1
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web
The previous tenant of my house drowned in the pool. I think something far worse happened.
"A Foght broke out in the hall again "
A cure for apathy, the night that changed everything.
the dark forsest station part 1
Life is For The Strong?
I cheated on my husband with a dead man. Now I'm pregnant and the baby isn't human.
A Very Very Scary Craigslist Ad!Remembering strange things
Advenimus (1)
Something weird happened at this party...
My camping buddy didn't appreciate me taking his skin.
One of my best friends lived right next door to me for 9 years. Everything in his house and his family disappeared off the face of the earth.
My boss called me in.. only he didn’t
Hangnail.
The Virus
I woke up cause i heard scratching downstairs and i regret checking...
Why we wear long pants.
Something is really wrong with this rehab centre.
targeted.
I'm stuck in a house with three monsters, and they don't want me to leave.
There's a man visiting me everynight
We should have never created holograms of dead musicians.
As we walked to the exit the guy followed us quietly.
48 65 6c 70 20 6d 65 21 20 49 20 68 6f 70 65 20 73 6f 6d 65 6f 6e 65 20 68 61 73 20 74 68 65 20 73 65 6e 73 65 20 74 6f 20 74 72 61 6e 73 6c 61 74 65 20 74 68 69 73 2e
Cultured Butter
I Wasn’t Supposed to tell...
The whisper
Never go outside on the night of the Harvest Moon
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (part 3)
Oceans and Lucid dreaming never mix.
Someone is Narrating my Life a Week In Advance. I Think They Just Predicted My Death.
"You won't find it though." (Part 2)
Now approaching 23 hours of lucidity
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the last exercise of basic training...
What I Sacrificed for Acceptance.
Dr. Eggman has gone insane
what ever happened to those offset personal umbrellas? they just disappeared i think.
Exposing the Evil in Ohio
When I was seven years old, my imaginary friends asked me for help. Ten years later, they’re back, and I’m terrified of them.
Passerby Figure
Broken Planchette
I was stuck in the waiting room for three hours. Then I decided to take matters into my own hands.
A Playful Creature and Other Curious Things
The Noise every night
If you ever get an invitation to attend Mr. Wax’s Traveling Circus, do not go under any circumstances.
Real Story. Demonic Possession
Warning Level Black Part II
When I was in high school, two of my classmates mysteriously died.
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body
our infant baby boy gave me and my wife permission to be child free again
The thing in the mountains
Babysitting Nightmare
The bunker
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird things Happen Around Halloween- Part 2
The night I met my first vampire
Masculinity, an Angel, a Massive Mound, and Blood
I know this isn't your general thing but i bet yall can help tell me what this thing is
What Happened on board "Le Coureur Des Vents".
Ever since this strange man showed up, nothing has ever been the same.
Reincarnation? Rebirth?
The chocolate man
I work as an undertaker and burying bodies is the easiest thing I have to do.
Odd Jobs: Game Genie
I live and laugh and love for God but the world can't tell. The rejection of what they might face if there's a God, is worth rejecting Him as well. So I'll laugh smile and say all is well. Blessed is he who hasn't seen. As they smile and wave marching ubiquitously into hell.
There's nowhere to hide.
My mom went missing the other day, and I think I'm next
If you see a woman with a serrated smile, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
We watched movies today in school, thank god we didn't end up like the others
I talked to Samuel...
I used to be a carer and now the smell of cherry pie makes me throw up
The Glitch (Part Five)
Brughag
An Interesting Message.
Tinder Cult
Tohu VaVohu
The Riders
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 13)
If you can't hear an echo leave.
The New Year's Brew
I don't want to close my eyes.
Bus Ride
I was robbed
I moved in with my girlfriend 3 weeks ago, I don’t think she’s the one.
Does abstaining from only porn count as no fap ?Strange flyers in Anderson SC
Smog
nightmare_wood(2).txt
Steps to Heaven
I'm alone but I hear whispers.
Hi, my name is Enza
I Am Seraphim Paige, and my Living Chapters will bring upon the end of the world
Found in an alley
The letter
My Sister's Hair
I’m the winter caretaker for an ultra-wealthy neighborhood. I'm starting to hear screams from the Mayberry House.
Disney After Dark: We're hiring!
cock
I listened to my dog scream all night
Journal of a Holocaust Survivor (part one)
The coffee shop on 5th streetI called the in-dream hotline for escaping nightmares. Now I just want to finally die.
The Cherokee are Scared
I Have Seen God... I Have Not Been The Same Since
I was a lurker until I saw myself in r/lastimages.
journal.txt
Home Invasion In Brent County
2253, 10-41 (PART 4)
shit
Have you ever wondered if theres multiple realities? There is.
The light in my basement keeps turning on and off
I think I got stalked by a big cat last night (or someone/something trying to sound like one)
Who is out there, and why didn't my motion sensor lights trigger?
Electro Medical Equipment Manufacturer
Im a 911 operator, and ive been assaulted
I'm stuck in an elevator, we're telling stories to pass the time.
Someone left a bloody paper bag at my doorstep
A demon broke into my house(PART 1)
I've seen hell.
Pig Pig Trouble! Part 1
The night of the Scp 173s
At first I thought my patient suffered from schizophrenia, now I wonder if he was telling the truth...
60 years from the future. Mad cow disease epidemic.
Krakens Aren't The Worst Things Out At Sea
I found a message on my way home from school and I don’t think it was an accident. (1/2)
An top-secret experiment left me with no recollection of my previous life. (Part 1)
The Walk to the Bridge
Slit
The Kiss
Something is coming to get me, I can feel it.
My father is finally going to be happy again
Why are their eyes glowing
There's someone, no, someTHING in the trees
Don't Fear the Reaper
I really hope you wont sleepwalk tonight, said my mother to me
The last child
Selected Reviews for Liquorice Flavoured Love Potion
I Found a Box
Insomnia
body count
My neighbours don't believe me that their house is haunted
I am not mad.
Time Has Stopped and I'm Not Alone
To The Person(s) Who Moved Into My Old Home
Advenimus (I)
The Apocalypse has started, and our savior has a dark secret
What is real?
Spying on your neighbors is wrong! I did it anyway.
My Daughter Called Me From a Car Accident
Night has finally fallen on my first day on the job at Disney World... (10) --End of Part 1--
The Eye Of The Evil Twin
The reaper waited in the basement to take me to hell. But I was a retired car salesman. I wouldn't go that easily. PART 2My plane is frozen in midair, and the other passengers are scaring me (part 2)
Miles
Always know where your family before responding pt1
A dream that came true. PART ONE
do
Dear Adam, I forgive you
I think I slept with a ghost
That Night in Midtown
Missing Paul
Help me break my boyfriend's video game addiction
Ive been walking down the same street for hours
Looking for advice for how to deal with a coworker
Pet
An Evil Tooth Fairy Dentist Took All My Teeth, But I'm Going To Get Them Back
Scary StoriesMidnight Adventures
The Terrible Cruise
Do not go to the park at night.
I Just have some random questions. #1 if some asteroid hit my property and damages it, whom should contact? And who takes responsibility? #2 if I found out that asteroid is full of some precious metal which makes one damn rich, will I own the asteroid?
The Speaker
Broke House
I wanted so badly to die, until it was going to happen. (Part 1)
I found an old cabin around 100km inwards of nothing but forest.
HOME: An Immersive Text Based Game
The Crying Mop Closet
If you find Amy, please tell her I'm sorry.
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified
My Nightmare Became My Reality
The man under the desk
Clarification &amp; Question about amazing (older) episodes?? Any help is appreciated!
The Summertime Visitor
i did a bad thing and now i am stuck in this lie
My name is Stephanie, and my parents aren’t considered “real”.
First Part
My beloved Bess, please share my story with the Father, he will know what to do.
Don't stand around in the dark
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Nerfed Out
My school bus was hijacked by masked men, and I learned that alternative education is hell on earth.
The corona virus isn’t a virus.
How To Make A Friend
I CANT SLEEP HELP
My father use to hate me for reasons unknown.. now I know why
The Owners Of The House Im Siting Left Some Strange Rules
I murder people for the grim reaper
I am a local biologist in my town. I believe the recent swarm of freshwater eels is due to something sinister .
Join please
I Work In a Donut Shop That Used To Be a Morgue
My uncle killed himself to save our family from a nameless horror. Now it's my turn. (Part 2)
I came home to visit my parents for the weekend.
Sleep(Chapter 1)
GUYS I`M AFRAID TO FALL ASLEEP BECAUSE MY FRIEND WANTED TO EAT WATERMELONS
Ever wondered where organs come from?
816 pnp 913 just need a fun woman M 24
I'm staying in a hotel down in Tennessee for job training. There a odd set of rules in the bedside pamphlet. (Part 4)
I took up a job as a night guard. It's time to end this.
I first saw him a few days after they moved in.
Exceptions
My uncle gave me a high-power telescope. I think I saw something I wasn't supposed to.
Cheaper isn't always better.
The world is a lie
Boxes Under the Tree- December 13th
I was visited by my own personal demon.
The mysterious “thing”
Join FitBud!
I see things in the wall
I'm slightly psychic. I can tell little details about people—their profession, for instance. One day I scanned my neighbor, an elderly old woman. She's a professional killer.
I was a beta tester for a smart mirror drug detox and rehab center. The results were terrifying.
Here to vent about propably the shittiest town that can be-Red
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." Everybody who's watched it has now gone missing.
I stopped for coffee this morning, and now I'm in a nightmare.
A new series I started about real life RECENT tragedies. Next episode will be about recent missing persons and the odd details
There is something outside.
I killed the only girl who cared for me
I fantasize about stalkers.
I Used To See Cut Off Heads At Night.
Lot Lizard
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I am tired. I don't know if I can do this anymore.
The hotel where I'm staying has weird rules. I shouldn't have some here.
I think my Xbox is Haunted (Part 1)
My imaginary brother Carmichael (26 and 1/2) is really in a pickle and NEEDS YOUR HELP!
The thing beneath Lake Lawtonka...
I brought my daughter at the park, and something really creepy happened.
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Part 5)
Death is Funny
Smoking is not always the answer
I'm an exorcist, and I think I'm dealing with something much more evil than a demon
the follower
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 7)
Tap
I'm scared, and I wish there was an answer
The Closed Files
I Think Something is Living in the Woods Behind My Apartment
I inherited a car, with a job - pt. 3
Fear Me
Smile :)
My childhood imaginary friend won't leave me alone
Time isn't adding up.
Sirenhead
My Best Friend Read My Mind, but He Claims That It Never Happened.
Lost Friend
I Wish I Never Discovered This Website
A Canadian Tale, part 2
Unnus Annus 3 scary stories
Those Who Remain
The Game of Escalations
I met with someone important today (part one)
Odd Toddlers
The day I saw an UFO
Saving Face
we can win the battle
TRUE CORONA VIRUS HORROR STORY
I live in the Ozark Mountains and I’ve seen some weird shit
We found a bunker hidden deep in the woods. It wasn't abandoned.
I was born with a runaway heart.
Dear Dad ..
A Nightmare Of Opportunity
She Didn't Leave
My Tinder Date is from Hell
RKO-912
help...
the spoo0oky goast man!!!!!!
The Labyrinth.
The Burden Beast2020 Audi R8 Coupe Quattro S Tronic V10
Help me find the user who wrote the following?
Our Kingdom
snow fever- updated versionMy college sorority is different. – Bastet’s Awakening
The Inferus
The hideous Me
I think I have Schizophrenia
The Knock Knock Man
Yesterday i had 5 kids, now i have 2 kids.
Tales From a Small Town: I met the most feared man in town
I’m a drug dealer and you shouldn’t smoke what I’m selling
Something horrifying is living inside of my daughter.
The Black Pills Part 8
Thrill Kill
"No matter what, be home by sundown part 1"
Doritos are little more than gamer fuel
Creativity is contagious : pass it on Kindle Edition
The nightmare that kills all dreams. TW for miscarriages
I went to a Gay Conversion camp just to realized I was Trapped in a Cult (PART 1)
Racer 76
I Fell Like I Should Share This
The criminal justice system is different here...
Something's following me
Don't be fooled by climate change, its all a hoax
Why WatchPeopleDie got banned
There are strange pictures in my gallery
A ghost keeps leaving pictures by my bed.
This is mad
Are you sure it's a real person you're talking to?
My first Sleep Paralysis... And Sleep Paralysis Demon...cows and cats
Grand Theft Auto 5 ruined my marriage.
The Tale of the Two Doors
The Grim Reaper is not who you think he is (PT 1)
My Family Moved to a New Neighborhood; It’s not your average suburb
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them.
The Hut - a new take on a classic
Don't listen to her voice...
I watched a stranger's life fall apart on snapchat
As a Marine, I too have seen weird shit in the Marine Corps: Iron Mountain. Part A.
I'm not sure what happened
I said GODDAMN! This new drug is good... but what the FUCK are these Lizard-People, and what do they want from me?
The yellow wallpaper -CPG
I Met the Office Custodian Last Night
I may have opened myself up to being vulnerable spiritually and things have been strange
Hauling though somewhere unknown, I came across the guardians of the raod.
A dream or a living nightmare
You want to try a new energy drink? It's free.
Le Jeu
My girlfriend and I made a bet about whether she could actually predict the future. I think I won.
I Survived Hell on Earth (Part 3)
The Doll Woman
The Wardrobe.
Historical Excerpts: "Third Time's A Charm"
I woke up to a emergency alert.
It started with the ducksConfessions of the Mad
Grief can do some really fucked up shit to people.
What is happening in this town? Read ahead to begin your adventure.
Your first name initial replaces the first letter of your home state/country. What is your new name?
I’m a real estate agent and something strange happened at a showing today
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Carrie or Annette
Devil Horn Mushrooms
I set up a rule system for me and my fellow tenants.
You have a delivery scheduled. Part One.
The Thumping Glome
Best friend for life
I'm trapped on a train to Nowhere
Ouija board experience
I just graduated from medical school, lived a long and challenging life, and came to the end of my path
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...part 2
"THRIFT SHOP"
If you find an unopened present under your tree on the day after Christmas, call the police.
I heard screaming outside of my house at 3am. Every night for 3 months.
My school just got put on lockdown. Something is hunting the students down, and it isn't from this world. (Part Two)
the reason why you should eat with your mouth closed and chew slowly. It isn't because of good manners
Some days are better than others
Reborn again
I think I'm being haunted or I'm insane.
I visited my best friend after 5 years..something made her a lunatic. (Part 2)
A fungus is driving everyone in my town insane
I found a notebook filled with information about "anomalies"
What's Left of Marian
The Hitchhiker on Horizon Street
"I Remember Now" (Alien Abduction - Part 1)
I Signed up for a Sleep Study and I don't know when it'll End (Part 2)
The Final Frontier
Breaking into Heaven
Centipedes are unable to hurt you.
RIP Maradona
Before we could solve mysteries in a stolen car, I had to discover why someone was haunting it.
My McDonald's is different during the night
Crave 2 (PART 2)
Have you ever had your art stolen?
I bought a used computer online, it turns out the old owner left a giant rabbit hole behind.
A hitch hiker explains how he wound up in my car. Gotta say, not liking how this story seems to be going...
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 1)
The Strand theater: a survival guide. (Part 2)
3 things i never forget
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There
The Girl and the Glass
The Lesbian Masked Jock
Wolves In The Woods
I haven’t left the house, and the rules make no sense.
When I was a Deputy in a small town I saw security footage that was weird as hell
Another Day at Work
10/21/19
last years Halloween
I own a pair of dice that provide me with real-world luck; but their use comes at a terrible price…
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Part 3
Struggling with my friend's suicide... I don't think his girlfriend is responsible, but she's acting suspicious
The day I was saved by my cousin or I could have been dead. Or worse
Something Came Home With Our Son
The Artist
I am Stuck Astral Projecting
I work for the local animal shelter, and I’m pretty sure they’re hiding some
My Ravens
Graceful. 2min read on how woman are expected to conform. (My thoughts when I was 17 and in an abusive relationship)
I’m an honours student. In my final year, the biology program chair announced Professor Robertson would not finish teaching plant pathology. His replacement was Mr.Jenkins, a notorious tough marker. After reading my final paper, Jenkins invited me to his home for dinner. A dinner, I'd never forget.
Skitters
I need to find my mom, i think she's on Facebook
Moving Shapes
Countdown to Death
It All Started With A Noise (Part 2)
God save you.
Warehouse walker part 2
Ixodida, the Tick
Law of Attraction brought an evil spirit around
The Psycho Clown
A strange man keeps coming to my orphanage and he's taking me next.
I keep dying, and I don’t know why.
I took an intro to animation course in college. One of my classmates made a video about the afterlife.
I used to bite my fingernails.
The Kid With the Floppy Shoes
Never leave things unfinished...
And Sleep Tight...!
Project Humanity - White Room
It's Just Spam
Do not play the music box
Something is distrubingly wrong here...
The Parasite That Lives in a Mansion Part 1
YouTube trapped me inside...I have been trying to get out for 2 years now
I am caught in the relentless hell of the 'Insomnia Overdrive'. And with every passing second, the tank creeps closer to empty…
I killed the new girl
I tried to commit suicide
My Dreams
The monster in my friend's closet is real and it's coming for me now.
My parents adopted someone and immediately regretted it
Never order Uber at 3:00 am
Shadows Over the Stars
INTERVIEW LOG #43. USER: JONATHAN GREY. INTERVIEWED: REBECCA STEVENS, FRED HUMBERLY
Unmake Love
Bathroom Trouble
Rain Drops.
Accidentally left the family cat at our old barn while moving to the city.
I think X is an hourglass within my times tables and im being followed
There's something watching me and I'm scared, I'm so scared.
I work in an aquarium and something bad is happening (part 4)
I Was My Own Nightmare?
The Devil Just Asked Me For Help Pt 3
There Is Nothing
The Day the Earth Split
Why I quit my job as a park ranger...
Where are these injuries coming from?
Many people have Sleep Paralysis Demons. I have Insomnia Demons and I think they're trying to help, Part 1 - The Thing
The snake with a human face.
A Story No One Will Like
A short story I wrote for my English Class
Something killed my father in the Algerian desert
Dream at 3am Help
The Oil Murder (Part 1)
The Spooky Spot
Desert Nights
A continuation of me being screwed.
Tales of Real Witch
The Intruder (December 1st)
When was the last time you went to a library?
WHAT A GHOST ENDURES WHEN YOU COMMUNICATE WITH A OUIJA BOARD
Forest Heavy Rain and Light-Sounds for SLEEP &amp; Relaxing-Study-5 Hours of...
Like A Moth
The Creature in the Woods
I went to a knockoff “DcMonalds” and ordered the Chicken Fillet. Now I’m going back because I need closure. (Part 2)
Two Strange encounters in the desert
I DONT KNOW HOW TO SPELL ESCAEPPED
(Update) Did you get the alert?
Working at an amusement park: Connections
Remember me
Tonight.
floor 3949.
Have You Ever Experienced a Glitch In The Matrix ?
I live in an asylum and it has a dark history.
It wasn’t her in the basement.
I made a mistake and now I'm facing the consequences.
texts &amp; thoughts
Witness
Author of the Week
The Caffeine Wyrm (Part 2)
My stalkers are creeping me out - part 2
15 Best Personal Finance Books, Every Entrepreneur Must Read in 2020
We all felt her existence in a way, but we never quite believed she was real until it was too late
The work of a true artist
This is what made me believe in ghosts The midnight man
My Best Friend Has Been Acting Strangely
I'm a trucker and encountered something terrifying on the road
Are you aware if drug buyers guide is legal or even otherwise ?
I just heard screaming outside my second floor window at 1:30am
Dr. Fugazi will change your life! Pt.1Daddy Issues
Late Night Lavender Town
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Eight)
My experience of sleep paralysis
The road less travelled
My grandma is scaring me. (P2)
A Woman Veiled In Black
He has captured me and I need help-Part2
The parasites in my body are driving me insane (Real Dream)
People keep asking me why my best friend and I don't talk anymore.
The Giant's Tail - How I nearly died in an abandoned paper mill.
Good Guy Trenton
I Exist
I Work Over Night at Lowes and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There
The Black Eyed Child part 2 update
1T W@T€HE$
I don't think I am in MY reality
I brought haunted nail polish
NoSleep podcast season 8 ep6
I would prefer the monster under the bed...
A Group wants the Human Race to go Extinct, and I'm now a member.
We just wanted a fresh start...
I should've listen to the realtor's warning
Kat's new toy
Please if you see this don’t respond
We're Supposed to Believe That We're Being Quarantined Because of Covid-19, But It's Definitely Not That
I Saw Something in the Staircase of a Haunted House
He was always watching. He was the reason for our downfall. He could be yours too
The Organ FarmerI've been having weird dreams, and I've decided to start keeping a journal.
I thought it was normal,
I'm a Medium, and I Receive Phone Calls from the Dead
Terrible Terry
Love Kills
There's someone here that I cannot see.
ok
May I Be Damned.
The Demon in my Pantry
i want to kill myself
I remembered a story a from my childhood. (Graphic warning)
I'm a Supermarket Supervisor - Nutty Norma
Need scary stories for my yt channel
How to Survive Camping: three exciting things
I used a Ouija board to contact my dead friend.
Ever since I was young, people have been disappearing
Lucy was a smart girl
The Man That Found God (Finale)
please help me chose a title. this is part 1
An Old Fortune Teller predicted my Future, and it's all coming True
I'm So Sorry
"Things Darker Than Man" (PART 1) by Julian J. Alexander
I Murdered Julia Grey. This Is How It Happened.
‘Phantom limb’
C.I.S.T
The twisty man who lived in the hidden room.
It Called My Name
CALL 911
By Grace and by body
Depths
I have 12y.o. copy cat and I fear for my life
My sheep has been looking at me funny
My job is giving people second chances. They might need them way more than I thought.
I Think. A Ghost Led My Son To Her Body pt3 and final part
My Dad's Ridiculous Story To Preemptively Stop Me From Getting Addicted to Gambling
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The River Runs Red
Allied Universal Is Government Funded Gang Stalkers
Journey Home
Somthing ate my two friends... But i dont know what it is
Sounds far fetched, but I held the baby in my arm. Saw it disintegrate.
Cursed
My Unsettling Adventure to Devil's Gate Dam in Pasadena
I was in voice chat with a man with a mask and a raincoat
my sister is missing, and only my cat knows where she is.
I’m never hunting in those woods again (repost)
Never Call Your Own Phone Number
The journal I found in Arizona
A diary
AWAKEN
My up stairs neighbors moved out this month, but I can still hear something walking around up there.
The Infomercial
Not everyone is who they portray.
911 won't answer any calls tonight
A Mail-Order Husband
I don’t even know
People Watching
11:11, Make a Wish...
No Justice, No Peace
Normal People
First entry in the 'Prophet of Avos' series, a subsidiary of the larger 'Deoverse' series. Let me know what you think!
I was a little shy to post this, incriminating stuff after all! ;)
I spotted siren head.
I work in a morgue. I can’t explain what I saw the Christmas of 2003
Ominous Men Outside My Apartment Inexplicable Behavior
The Insomnia Method
I don't understand calculus. Also, I killed someone. (Final)
"How i caught the Zodiac killer." By Gabriel Neely (me)
‘The devil you know’
This Isn't a Skinwalker Story
... And The Violin Played On
I started dating someone and--
Creepy old lady in the woods
My Mom Tried To Exorcise The Devil Out Of Me
I can’t sleep with my bedroom door open because of a nightmare.
"Mommy, there's a monster in the mirror."
What is that thing?
Case File No. 001
My dog has changed since I got him...
Be whatever may
The Alerts Have Reached Eastern Oregon.
‘I’m still not sure what’s going on’
Creepy thing in my room, still thinking about it, do you know what could it be?
I know what I am.
I think america is trying to torment me
Our scary stories. (The Nazi Murder)
Donny and Margaret were once great friends.
The one month I spent living on campus
Your Favorite Youtubers Have Dark Sides
Don't visit the Claw Machine arcade in Taiwan
My father used to work as a clown. He has dementia, but I swear I can hear him leaving the house at night, and lately he's appeared... different
Last September (ending)
My dead dog saved me from the Devil.
I took my usual night run last night &amp; I was chased by someone...or something...
The Swede &amp; His Smile.
We All Smoulder
I'm a butcher who creates meat sculptures of other people. They recently came to life.
Night at the beach.
The Skybox.
My nightmares follow me.
I've built a tiny house in the wilderness, but something doesn't want me there
The Barents Sea is worse than you can possibly imagine (2)
I'm A New Health Inspector(Finale)
I adopted my late sisters orphaned child. This is why i wish i hadn't.
Big friends in High places.
My room has a lot of strange little quirks (don't touch the face in the dark)
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out (Pt. 3)
A Saw A Scary Child Figure Yesterday.
corners, and looking at them too closely.
To Whom This Body Belongs
Lost in woods
Scary past
It’s Bigger than you Know
i’m a dog walker and i just witnessed the strangest thing on the job
The roses on the balcony.
I encountered something on my school camp in Australia
I work the late shift at the Majestic Movie Theater in Phoenix
The Stalker Men (Part 1)
Deleted News Article - Son is accidentally killed, roasted, butchered, and eaten by unknowning father and family
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (part 6)
My teacher is a murderer
Nightmare Part 2
There’s a forest under the river. The creatures there are hungry.
I had a horrible nightmare warning me that these events are the next things that will happen in 2020, so far, it was right...
The Demon Boy from Mrs. Honeysickle's Home for the Unfortunate (Part 1)
Moth to a Flame
Welcome to the Panic Room (Part 2)
La Bergere (horror)
Demon (Part 3)
Planet x
Toilet paper keeps showing up in my room
I am missing
The Vultures in my Garden
Johny johny
I think I found a website I shouldn’t have...
I have been waking up in the middle of the night for no reason . Tonight I figured out why .
The Succubus
Ever since the black vans showed up, my neighbors have been viciously fighting
I'm sorry, there is no other way.
I Know What's at the Bottom of the Ocean
I did not use to have nightmares.
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part seven)
I'm an elevator repairman. We're being wiped out. There's only a few of us left.
My son think he has a sister, but he is the only child
Can anyone help me identify this piece of graffiti? I found it outside my apartment and now I think something is watching me.
If you are reading this at night , you are in danger
The Witch in the Comments. DO NOT reply to her!
I live with my father in his lab. Yesterday, I almost died. That's how I discovered internet!
Every year, they send it to hunt me-PART ONE
I just inherited a haunted house. Hey, no house is perfect, so there’s nothing to stop a happy ending. Right?
My adoptive family have something sinister planned
To my sweet baby boy
I lived in a small town nobody's heard of
I accidentally downloaded a demon from Steam. It’s killing people and I’m not sorry
I still remember that day during my kindergarten.
I'll never work at Sonic again
I run an Air BnB. It’s completely free, with the exception of a few unusual rules
Someone Watches Me While I Sleep
Have you ever listened to throat singing?
I'm part Atheist and part Satanist
It was all my mother's fault
The Purifier
A Work of Fiction
I can't open my bedroom door
My New Babysitter
Peculiar Cases (status: unsolved)
Endless sleep
I Was Sent Away to a Young Offenders Camp, Something’s Very Wrong Here.
My friend's life seems perfect on Instagram. I found out it isn't so perfect, after all.
I Hate Wardrobes
My Job is Secretly Hell
Farming can help you fight diseases. It cured my dead grandma Pt1
Nyctophobia
The woods are changing and I don’t know why
The night I first saw it (chapter 2)
DERELICT (Part One)
Iustitia
Adam Anthonyson
They Remember
Sharow's curse
I know he’s dead. But he’s telling me what I saw didn’t happen...
My Girlfriend, The Cannibal
Fucked up fishing incident in the middle of nowhere
The Burned Photo
I’m being stalked by a government agency that doesn’t exist.
Night at the Dead Kid's House
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 2)
I’m dead
The Mysterious Disappearance of Natalia Duevaux
Transcript of Event X-239 Codename "Brainbug"
It’s Best to be Quiet in the Woods. Some Things don’t like Being Woken Up.
How can I (14,m) help a ghost (??,?) that might be living in my house??? I think it's depressed
My Protector
The Strangest Person I Have Ever Met
The jungle I was in gave me some terrifying memories, and some secrets I wish I didn't know.
The other one? Oh, him! (Part one of two)
I woke up from a parasomnia only to realize that parasomnias are 81% later manifested as Parkinson's.
Now I'm Convinced, There's Something with this Road
Planet VR game vulnerability - CVE-2019-0001 (1)
Grandma's Chilli
There are four stages
Nightmares: Stage 1, The Hospital and the list of rules.
The mystery of our old house solved...
Kevin bacon
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (3/3)
Jdjd
Why I am Afriad of the Late-Summer Rain
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it
The Ghost Girl Chronicles
I think she's some sort of witch
A story passed down for centuries in my tribe.
I don’t know what’s happening with my brother, Max
Our Subject Started Seeing Demons After Staying Awake Too Long
I have a monster, he visits me in the dark.
The Girl in the Pasture
An Interesting Title.
how do i get out of here?
I returned to my childhood home. My father is... different.
We Knew Something was Wrong When the Trees Began to Move
The hooded man
Origins: Part 1 (Red is sus)
Review for The Devil's Philosophy, Season 1 Episode 1
I’m pretty sure my cat was a familiar to an ancient witch called The Circe. (Part 1)
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about being in a bind...
Weird creature I came across
The reason I don't go camping anymore
Someone has been trying to kill me for a year. Now I know why. Down the rabbit hole. (Parts 2 and 3)
Is my neighbour possessed?
Bugs are just my slow cleaning little friends
I Saw A Never Before Seen Top15s Video, and Now I Wish I Hadn't
Taste
How do you trust?
Clear Water Asylum (Part 1)
Yikes these stories are hit or miss.
Man of Many Eyes
Sometimes I wondered...
Peace Be With You
The AI
The Nightmare Wing
Be Careful What VPN You Use
I can't trust anyone anymore.My neighbor was a satanist
My dead mom hates my guts. She's probably right.
Cursed by a witch in my sleep
The house- part 2
The Ding Dong Ditch that went to horror
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Here's why you should always appreciate good employees.
I broke my legs what happened at the hospital frightens me...
WALMART OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE GONE CREEPY! *NOT CLICKBAIT*
I joined a reddit cult
Bleeding Floor
Hello, All.
I interviewed the survivors of a mass suicide. My last broadcast will never air.
I used to advocate for the use of Psilocybin. I'm not so sure anymore...
I found my husband dead last night.
The death of a baby no one remembers, but I think about often.
My Best Friend Is Dead And He Is Still Trying To Kill Me
The song that listens to you
The Twin Sister
I tried to catch a taxi home, but that's not where the driver took me.
If You Hear A Siren, Don't Go Outside
The Journal(1)
The Backyard: The Shed (Part One)
They said my child would change everything, but I never expected this to happen
The Church on Rotterdam Hill
Home On Derrange
Don't Explore the Sewer Alone.
My name is Catherine Jones and I just got a weird text from my ex
Getting stuck in my house
I now hate dolls
I thought no one was home, was in for an unpleasant surprise.
Clear Windows
I think my therapist is stalking me
Leviathan (Part 2)
Magazines
The Watchmen - Part III - I've tried to warn people, and I've failed.
Times ticking.
I was in voice chat with madman(Pt 1.)
The unlucky cursed record. {MY FIRST STORY}Ace science club
So... //UPDATE//
My X-ACTO knife was right here on my desk, I swear it
gallows hill 2 // mirror face
I’m a cryptid hunter and my last mission was in Nahanni valley part 2
Nightmare In the Woods (Pt 2)
my neighbor stopped mowing his lawn (pt 2)
Stories of hell
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor • II
The Grinch Has Been Stealing More Than Christmas This Year
0 to 100 real quick
The Phantom (Hopefully, this is the finalized version. I fixed a lot of the plot issues, and tried to make it a more complete story. You're welcome :))
For the Greater Glory of God (Part 1)
Trevor's Tales Special: True Love &lt;3 (In between episodes 2 and 3)
Empty of Fullness
I may need help.
Demonic Pacts (Part 1)
A failed exorcism.
My first day on the job at Disney World didn't go so well. (Part 1)
Dirge of the Sorrow-Singer
i think there is something in my balls...
It's a conspiracy!!! JK
It's Judgement Day Again
I am hunted by a hitman
The real problem program of the next 5 years.
I keep hearing a mysterious woman singing outside my window at night. She's beginning to say very disturbing things.
I have a voice in my head....it's messing with me
The people in photos are coming for us
Demons tormented my in my sleep
We were always told to stay away from the Manson House
price of protection.It was 3:02 am when I woke up...
The Smiling Woman Stands in my Room, Each Night She Gets Closer.
I had a vision of a alien wasteland, and i heard the ship landing.
I didn't mean to end up in the revenge business...
What are ways to help stay up for 30 hours straight?
I've discovered an entire bedroom in my attic
Know Fremasonry - Part 1
Can someone link me to the OP of "whistling man" ?? EMERGENCY !
She isnt Home Yet
Please: I need to know if I should call the police
Synchronicity Youth Camp
Underghost
The long path leading to the end of the foggy coppice
How to successfully ransom a child
A Drug trip of horror
My bedroom used to have a door.
Alive
The Girl in the Red Raincoat
Beyond The Pines
100 %True story that still keeps me awake..
Bully
Schizophrenic Epidemic Part 1
The Flashlight Man (part 1)
They're not just arresting people, they're... turning them.
Cameras
The House With The Cuckoo Clocks
The First Contact Skirmish of 2020
My radio alarm clock played something disturbing almost ten years ago, and now I can't stop thinking about it.
-Waste- 500 word story
Uncontrolled....
Zombie apocalypse tale
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
Karen's great Halloween at Wal-Mart
The Dinosaurs did NOT go extinct...
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 6)
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part six)
I got a job patrolling a forest that paid £1000 a night. It was not worth a penny. (Part 2)
Under The Influence
The return
I work as a Coroner, and this was my last case.
How I saved Newfoundland from a Viking invasion, but nobody believes me.
So We Talked About It, and I am Probably Going to Die Soon
"Ghosts Aren't Real," I said.
The last babysitting job
What's Wrong with My Boyfriend
If you're reading this, you've been in a coma for almost 20 years now. We're trying a new technique. We don't know where this message will end up in your dream, but we hope it works. Please wake up, we miss you.
possibly in michigan
One of Many
now i know why i was so interested in snakes
The extinction of the human race happened yesterday.
From being the football star to crying in the bathroom stall
Our New Town
Nightmare By Numbers - A Tell All (Part 1)
The story, all alone in the monster-pocalypse | Part 1
The Pennies
Our Pet SCAR_CreepyPastaOur Pet SCAR_CreepyPasta
The other world
I think there's a vampire safe house in my neighbourhood
Maybe it isn’t a fairytale after all
The Color of Cheese
THE MAN IN THE WINDOW PT 1
I stepped into the elevator to go to my office, it didn't take me to my office...
The end (I hope)
Something disgustingly horrible is happening in my local railroad station... (Part 1)
The monster is coming to my house. . . again.
I tried to be a hero on the deep/dark web
The best moments happen when we’re naked, but the worst ones do as well
Woods (Part 1)
Is no sleep stories true?
A strange thin man I met on a business trip told me this one
Have you ever wondered if things exist because we think them into being...
Pit: Book 1-Episode 3
The Killer Song.
FUCK HER TONIGHT!!!!
Christie, things will never be the same between us...
Wicked Children in the Woods
approx 2,520 to 24,120 in 1 hour without investment
My friend has had nightmares frequently since she was 14 now 25
the devil isn't a cruel man
I'm starting to think there's no such thing as “Just a road” or “Just a trail” anymore...
My grandpa met Charles Manson in the woods
He's back.
Why I quit my job as a hitman
I know the truth of COVID-19 I must share it.
Someone killed my family, and I sent someone to avenge them. But things didn't go to plan.
Is it a ghost
Maiden, Mother, Death
I Belong to The Sea
Elon reeve musk
Did he buy a cult compound?
A woodworker story
Come to the Dark
I survived another Thanksgiving with my family, and it will be my last.
Ư̵̧̢̗̼̮͕͎͙̦̋͒̏̏̏͛͜ņ̶̘̳͎̤̟̣̿̇͆̈́͊̇͠͠a̵̺͛̅͑͗͒̿͊ţ̴̡͕̯̠̱̫̹̩̀̏̏͌͜ͅu̴͚͈̹̓̓̍͒͆̈́̿̆͘͠͝r̷̨̖̝̞͙̟͉̮̟͓͋̑́̒̂́͐ą̵̣͇͉͋̂̏̂̽͜ľ̶͈̯̦͇͕̇͠ part
There’s something else in my house.
Skinwalker Stories from the Past
The IPhone I found on the sidewalk belongs to a member of the Sinaloa Cartel.
The Future will be great
Something weird’s been going on, on campus since COVID-19 started
I am not Alone
I Became What I Wanted
The Hotel Veritas PT 1
I'm trying to find a story from when this subreddit first started. Involving ghosts communicating with a light switch. But I can't find it. Anyone have any idea what I'm referring to?
The jolly fat man if you are good, the Christmas demon if you are bad
Another Work Of Fiction
People On The Roof
The Chonk (TW-Animal violence)
The Case of Daniel Hardings (Part 2)
Jealousy is Man's way of explaining evil.
My town is a little strange (part 8)
My wife wears a strange medallion. It seems hungrier than usual. - UPDATE
My best friend doesn't have a name.
Dark Reflections Part 2
I’ll Never Forget That Place...
The Emails
The Green Lights.
Please forgive me. I can't take it anymore.
I had the oddest experience the last time I went to a strip club
Streamer hits the crip walk!
Horror stories from my students. I'll write them for you in my haunted office.
The slug
The Intercom
Every 27 days, someone in the world goes missing. I’m next.
Professor Redmond and the Box of the Wolf
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Did you want flies with that?
I Love You
A traumatizing beach retreat with my parent's Stay Young Healing Group
Instructions to wake up
I transcribe videos for the police - this is the story of my last case - The Sleepwalker
That one EAS I can not forget about (Part 2) Final Part
I was alone and happy during my stay at the ranch. Everything changed when the knocking started.
Normal Town...... my first ever creepypasta
Children are the best form of birth control. These little monsters have crossed a line.
Looking for an old NoSleep post from a couple years ago, help me out!
I was hired to kill a child rapist but I found a **child* if you can call it that
There's something wrong with my neighbor's Halloween decorations
Something's walking around my house at night
No One In My Family Ever Really Dies (Part Four)
True short recalling of an event that happened to me which will haunt me for the rest of my life. I have no explanation for it
The same person knocks on my door every Halloween night. He won't go away.
Hello Reddit!
Despite seeing them all my life, I've stopped believing in ghosts.
There's something in my air vent
The dream that still haunts me.
I entered an alternate dimension and I never want to go back.
My Sister won't leave and she wants to be with us forever.
I'm a Pathologist who performs autopsies on nightmares. Laughter is not the best medicine.
I saw something watching me in the woods, it’s getting closer
Tooth &amp; Nail - The Creature (Finale)
so I had a nightmare and it is slowly coming real
There's a Monster in the Corn
Stealing from the most beautiful place in the world.
The girl in my house
I got a Deep Web Job, today my plan went wrong
On and On and On
Hide found run die seek find
I am a Dark Web Video Essayist...these are the secrets to building a following
The Owl Of Death
It’s the anniversary of my daughter’s death. I recorded the final call we had last year. I listened to it. I heard something...
Psychological Horror Series| Comfort, Insanity
The Owl...
Impossible Year
Shut down Project-O33NI immediately
I saw people's emotional wounds. I think I finally understand.
The ghost of Isabella Baker
Yesterday, I Was a Racist
There's something wrong with the dead
The Saddest Dead Man I Ever Saw
check out my youtube channel
The Burned Photo
The locals call it Kyat'ra or "The death in the forest". They say it returns every year and it is thirsty. Always thirsty. For blood and death. And that is why they stay away from the forest.
Home
I used to think my Reflection was my Guardian Angel...Now I'm terrified of it
No people were harmed in the making of this film.
Divorce By Fire And BrimstoneReal horror story..
I Wish We Didn't Stop At The Gas Station
I think im dreaming and I can't wake up
This was my dream
My First Exorcism
No sleep.
A murder of crows bring me gifts
Do I sleep or not
I Wrote the Rules (Part 2)
The Cabin
The little girl.
Just need author approval
The Bathroom Has Eyes
So I might have met a ghost...but that's not the scary part.
I've always asked myself why humans evolved the feeling of the 'Uncanny Valley.' Tonight I finally learned why.
Chronicles of My Wretched Acts- Chapter 1 "Tom"
Please help! I'm haunted and I need help
A Code
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT #0005 - THE PRISON
Rules for working at the museum
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back.
Close your doors.
The last departure, the man in the middle.
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves
A case of deliberate cobalt-60 poisoning
O.O can’t sleep anymore please help.
I don't sleep naked
When they cry
James: Tales Of Rumoria (Part 1)
The Choice Experiment. You are not in control.
New Orleans and the Dauphine Orleans
the scariest night of my life
I think something is in my shower drain
The little man in my House, PART 1
The Walls Sing
I'm terrified to die in my sleep.
My friends and I found an island...
"SCREAM AS MUCH AS YOU CAN, NOBODY CAN HEAR YOU HERE."
I have a question?
Not every voice you hear is friendly
I'm an employment background investigator. It's my job to find skeletons.
"The human-alien experiment". This started off as a dream but I developed it a little, hope you guys enjoy it.
Buffet
Has Anyone Ever Heard of "The Village Awaits"?
Camp Wanahee (Part 4)
When I Wake Up, I See Green Eyes Staring At Me. They've Been Getting Closer Over The Years
927 Orchard Avenue
Internal Investigation Report 06-11-2019
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about how wendigos are different to vampires and werewolves...
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Today, there is no escape from fate. Part 11
Someone tries to kill me every day... (Part 3)
I found something in my Fiancée’s closet. (part one)
I bought a new house last week; I finally broke into the basement.
The case in the village-my first author's story!
The 18th Floor
The Water Tower
The Strange Shadow Man
Never go into the woods alone
Is there a point to growing old? Because I've aged before my time.
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. Now a dozen people are dead.
Bilby Park: Harvest Moon
My job is watching a woman trapped in a room.
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms-Part 3
Woody (toy story)
I gave my worst class a psychopath test. The results made me resign.
My pet Guinea Pig got sick with something and now it's loose inside my apartment.
I AM HAPPY
The True Villain
Advice From a Devil Called Kingsley
A Life Worth Living
Tragedy at my High School
There were stars on the ceiling of my childhood bedroom.
Case #3567 - Radio Transcripts
The recordings from within the woodlands, part one.
There's nowhere I can go, so I listen to them at my bedroom door. Day 2
The Slenderman Sightings
If you hear someone crying in the woods, turn around and Go directly home “3”
Every Night I See Through Other People's Eyes
Dear mom, who is that woman behind my shoulder? (Part 1)
I sell my blood for money. I didn’t realize they’d take it all.
The incident which caused the downfall of a prestigious campus
A scary part of my apartament..
I Interviewed a Psychopath. It Was My Last Interview Ever.
Covid-19 was only the beginning
Our Halloween Decorations Come Alive At Night
He only speaks when I can’t hear him
I am kept in captivity to watch over the sinners and clean the blood.
I live in an apartment building underneath the cemetery. Rent is complicated.
I saw everything...
Rationality Report, Issue Twelve, Page Twenty-Two
To Whom This May Concern
"I Found A Box Of Letters In My Dead Parents' House"
Don't Follow The Light (Part 1)
I felt the fucking creeps, just now
The thing in my town who isn’t really human.
88 potatoes and counting...
Darling
My Grandma told me her disturbing secret 2 years ago, it still haunts me to this day
You’ve killed somebody, and you’re going to kill again.
Spooky Casper sheets
Vampire Defense Night School
I couldn't find out why I felt different until I slept
The Bus Rider
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (part four)
The thing in my closet is not a monster. (Part One)
Dealing With Killer Dolls the Practical Way - A Spook Incident
Stayed on a creepy hotel and it had some weird rules
My Journey Through The Haunting (Part 1)
Introductory Corpse-Swapping - You should always, never, sometimes listen to the psychic paperboy
The Illuminated Ones
I am a former Soviet soldier who fought in World War Two. I have some stories I need to tell you about what I saw in war (Part 2)
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 9: The Three Deaths - Finale and Epilogue
Got a strange package in the mail yesterday...
Am I being contacted by another me?
The beast
Guys friend zone by keeping us as side pieces
Working at an amusement park: the Nurse
Salt of the Earth, Part 1: Far and Away
I see my parents, but they died 10 years ago. (PT. 1)
I just found letters in my great, great grandmother's house. The story they told has shocked the entire family.
Anyone have any rituals they have ever done?
I'm from the future, and it doesn't look good
I wish I didn’t get in my coworkers car
My wife left me for my side chick
There is a creature that looks like me running around the school. Help.
Oh Death (NSFW)
The report said that it had black eyes, an impossibly wide smile, and razor sharp teeth.
I don't believe my eyes
Our city was set on lockdown but I don't think its cause of the coronavirus
Santa is real, and I’m on the Naughty List
Monday 2012 | The Rebellion | PART 1
First experience with sleep paralysis was horrifying
The Dive
Flowers
No. (Part one)
The Curse
I regret not killing my father.
I don't think I'm okay.
A Call From Stonebroom Lake
I think im psychic
The Neighbors Dog
Writing in the thirdworld
The Black Rose Gang of Ivory Beach Girls' Academy: Playing Spirit of the Coin
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Final Part
Whatever is behind those spam calls are trying to kill me
I shouldn't have looked at the moon
Bunyip
Whenever I stop moving, they find me
A hooded man on the highway told me things...horrible things
I wanted my son back but it came at a price.
I just got back from a cruise that tried to kill me
A Scary Roblox Story.
Last Night I Saw An Old Woman From A Childhood Reoccuring Nightmare
leading a life of toxic desires
sdbqgebwrgnwgrnwrgnwgrnqgengrsmgdmgadmadymfhsmahrmursmustsmr is the Latin word for Death
I left my country to work as an assistant in a forest camp in Indonesia. I will never be the same again. (Part 1)
"The Rails"
I patrol the Australian Outback as a country soldier. I have just met my final match.
Stan's Motel
I think my puppet is playing with me. PART 1
My experience with sleep paralysis and a tip to hopefully avoid it.
I talked to the women in white, she won't leave me. Help.
A mouthful
Hsjsjj
My BFFs little brother carries mirrors. Now I understand why.
My Best Friend Lives in the Mirror
Bride with the bloodstained dress
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 4
Moving Shapes
Alright, I'll admit it. I'm a troll.
I'd like to share a few stats for staying safe during the Coronavirus outbreak.
I work at the bar, and sometimes people are not people.
I Work in a Shipping Warehouse, and Weird Things Happen
Lost, a story from my friend
How to access the "Forbidden Wiki"
He Has Beckoned to Us
A Friend
The last note
The Thing That Scares Me The Most
This man keeps following me
The GETAWAY
Rainfall: The Empty People
I found a very different doctor in the Dark Web
Surgery
Do not break quarantine. Not even for love. There are forces out there that will punish you.
BEYBLADES.
There's a girl in my backup camera
Momma won't stay dead
War is Hell, A Soldier's Purpose (Final)
Seen something at my door
I think I chose the wrong path today
The Orphan's Guide to Family Crypts
Because they don't like my singing.
It feels like everything is happening all over again...
please help I got a emergency alert.
What do I make of this?
Something Here With Me.(Short Story)
Tinder Here, Tinder there
A recipe for happiness
I went to a spoopy house. It was spoopy.
This story is about you.
The twice-made phone call, years apart.
Where exists positive, without any doubt there exists some negative energy too!
True story from a school trip
The Sleeping Tree
at first a thought it was a normal day at my job i was so wrong.
Field Trip!
I started a guild of killer vigilantes. I’ll tell you of the time we finally met our match. (Trigger warning )
The Farmhouse
log 01. im not crazy TY9932.oaw
Dear Nintendo
It Was All Coming Together When We Moved to a Small Island. We Should Have Listened to Our New Neighbor Part I: Our Move
The worst night of my life was the night I left home.
This clay mask has over 11,000 5-star reviews it is the only thing that has helped clear up my skin extremely fast
The One Below
Why do things go missing in the woods?
First time doing this! Not an author. Plus made it up as I writed.
Need help finding a story!!!
I’m a therapist and I think I’m in danger.
Ayla's Diary
I joined a new app for working various gigs. They seemed nonsensical at first, but now I realize the terrible truth behind the tasks I was given.
The Oil Murder (PT-1)
Always There
Strange coincidences
I'm still awake.
No Sleep Super Video Funny 2019
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told
Miss Hopkins loves Halloween
gerald's hiding spots
I think I became a medium
The Ultra Experience
Threads and Threnody
Why I’ll never feel at ease in the Lake District ever again
I'm going crazy. I think my GF killed my sister and now she's trying to kill me slowly.
A funny little recollection of memories.
World’s Best Friend
Don't go outside (Part 1)
help me
I Can Still Smell Their Burning Flesh
It Snowed In JulyI think my friend played the 11 miles game and I don't know how to get him back (Part three) Miles 6-11
Late Night Mystery
Greta took me to a haunted house
I'm a Nurse and my dying patient said that I am humanity's last hope.
I Saw Them, Now I Can't Forget Their Image. Chapter - 1
My name is Indi Rhyder Pt. 3
EMILY’S COMPUTER DIARY!!!
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 4)
trapped in a bathroom for 12 hours
The Forest of Shadows
I used to investigate the Occult: Black Snow
Dissection
Poem: The return
Update to My (now ex-) friend's potato cellar.
This is the start of the apocalypse, and no one is talking about it.
I don't care if the stories are related or not they are well fucking written.
A child was mysteriously mutilated during my shift as a haunted house employee.
I Found something in the woods behind my grandfather’s house.
Auntie's carrot cake
I found an old ruler in my grandpa’s attic. It came with a list of rules.
necrophobia
I found the journal of a Church pastor from the 1200s. The Pied Piper is real.
What is in the Office
Last Christmas
Stay in the Light, and Keep it Noisy!
a prophecy taken in the darkness of the forest. it was inevitable...
Someones in my house
Take down all of your mirrors.
(M23) Last night I finally broke down and told my parents I've been struggling with my heart problem and depression. That same night I dreamed about my dead grandpa.
My gf was almost kidnapped or worst
I don't eat fish
I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement... DAY 2
This Warning is for me.
The grim reaper was there
I’m pretty sure the cast of my favourite TV show are dead, and they’re under my best friend’s Christmas tree.
The Flayed Idol
I took a weird drug about 40 minutes ago
Free me
I found the endless hallway of infinite possibilities. (Part 1)
Just as he promised....
Magic
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. We paid a visit to Norman's house.
You can run, but you can’t hide.
The Fall
3:56AM
Be careful who you take home from bars
Click here to join
Case#447.5: Bloodstained Part Two
Sometime's, it's okay to be left out.
My family visited this ancient barnhouse. We'll never go THERE again. (PART 1)
We loved paranormal stories
3:03 AM
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans? (Part 2)
The Forest
My Friend Daniel
The Grin
Deam eater
I own a cozy little cabin in the woods that I rent out to people
Creepy Ass Nutcracker
My Monster and Me part 2: Won't Back Down
I Remember You On The 9th Anniversary
Why she's not a cat person anymore
There something waiting at my door, it wont leave...
Something a bit strange on Omegle
I shoplifted a pack of tic tacs but it ended up costing me far more than money
Neighbors turning lights off and on really quickly
Jenna &amp; I
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part six.
I killed the only person I ever truly loved...
Why I stopped using tampons.
Fingered.
TV Shows/Films
The Steel Beast of La Paz Part 2
I’m a vigilante online predator hunter, and I can’t explain the bizarre things that happened last night
The Outsider
The Dollhouse, Part I
My management post at a resort in the archipelago has strange rules
I hate my face.
My teacher left a sinister message on the whiteboard and I realised too late
The day I was killed
My summer vacation didn't go as planned
This Journal was found with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private(ranked 5 star for danger).
Puppet show
Why astral projection isn't safe.
Don't play VR alone.
Mama always said I'd be a heart breaker. (Pt. 2)
Those we kill, stay with us
There is no hope, you can't turn back.
A Morons Guide to Poltergiest
I was in a Discord Call with my friend at 4 AM, I heard something, Now they're missing..........
I didn't believe this shit...then I saw her...
I've always had the ability to see the future. Why does it all go dark?
Red Canvas
Gwendolyn - Part 1
A true unsolved mystery
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part II)
I live in a house haunted by nuns.
Inanimate Possession? Dybbuk??
1:04 PM
A cloud is driving me insane
The Kid Who Throws Rocks Through The Windows
It's 3:33 and he's still there.
Heavy fog + sirens
Room 113: The Room that Shouldn’t Exist
Would you believe it?
i use dead things as a computer mouse
the forgetting machine: part 20
"I Have a Phobia of Developing New Phobias"..
What's a gif?
He Tells Me He’s Haunted...
I don’t have an uncle (part one)
The title is here and It spoke.to me so trust me when I say it is worth a good read because it would help me to express my opinions and maybe we can understand together but forgive my fragmentation okay?
My husband is missing and I think aliens got him!
I work at an aquarium and something bad is happening (part 3)
N******S! DONALD TRUMP IS THE MOST N******* PRESIDENT EVER!
I just got a letter to work as a night guard at a museum.
hmmmmm
Veronica
I swam to the edge of a pool and fell off the face of the earth.
Woke up to blood
I've discovered an old bedroom in my attic... UPDATE 2 (with pictures)
I don't sleep in the same room with dogs anymore.
I was abducted four years ago but I escaped and I need help.
I'm an investigator and hunter of the paranormal. I think it's time to take care of these lists of rules people keep finding.
I saw some strange shit while watching Reddit’s Public Access Network
I keep hearing beeps outside my window
Someone posted on /r/NoSleep for me
I got a job as a night guard at the supermarket and its terryfying in here
Something crashed in the Seattle missle testing site, but i dont think its a missle. Part 1.
I'm not sure what I just experienced. Need advice.
The Things That Lurk In the Depths-Part one
The Wee Beasty
A vision through the glass
My Friend Went Missing on the Hunt For “Siren Head.” They Only Found Her Journal
- .... . .-. . .. ... -. --- -- . .- -. .. -. --.
Chapter 1: A Fallen Angel
Gf wakes up from sleep and talks sometimes, freaks me out
November 2020 contest nominations
I can't forget my horrible dreams as a child 1
Listen to the Medicine Men
I Found an audio recorder in the woods
I’m on a task force we’ve been assigned something unexplainable
If you hear a scraping noise outside your window, then you're in trouble.
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality
Revenge is a Dish Best Server Cold
Don't go Randonauting. I repeat, DON'T do it.
The Army did something to me
I cant stop running
A sinkhole opened up in my back garden. I think something may be living in it.
I met the devil, and I wish I never did.
555-7633
I feel for that couple.
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 5
It knows I see it, and it likes it (paranormal)
The swamps of Louisiana hold more than secrets
The Mysterious Case of Cypher Mountain
The red rose.
My bathroom mirror turned me into my best friend.
My Dog Brought Strange Bones From the Woods
I’ve Become My Parasite’s Personal Marionette
Eastgate
The dwarf shadow
The Stormy Mountain Recluse: Interviews with a Specter
Aberrant Sustenance
Before we begin,
I think I Married Satan
My father died of stage 4 cancer, so we decided to celebrate Father’s Day early. It didn’t end the way I thought it would.
My Friend Made A Tinder Account, But Not For The Reason You Think
My son was diagnosed with terminal cancer. I made a deal to save him
"Radar"
I work at a small sandwich shop- and I really wish I didn’t.
I sincerely hope you don’t own a mirror, even if my reasoning is perhaps a little paranoid.
Sweet Things
This stuff freaks me out, even when it happened months ago....
Car Trouble
You know the ones that just feel real?
The doctors are baffled by my unexplainable condition
KORONA
Stuck in the sky.
You want to know the story. Sure then.
The day I discovered immortality.
The Red Door.
Blank Spaces
The house on 27 Woodlands Court (Part One)
A mail turned me against The Army Of The Guardian.
Lily. (CREEPYPASTA ON SWEDISH)
The Time I was Nearly Murdered Buying a New Car
When a horror author's work starts to bleed over into real life: a physical object from my latest project is now in my kitchen.
I found a strange book in the basement... And there’s something off with it. (Part 1)
I found a notebook on my property, and I think I need outside opinions (Part 2)
I know where the monsters in your closet live.....
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig  "The heart"
The Neon Man Won't Let Me Date
My neighbor behaves as if there is someone in his room in his absence
Please read this warning
There's a Phone Booth in the Woods
I’m a Cop and something Strange Is Happening In My Town (re-upload)
Hey, it's a living.
Little Boy Lost.
Boston Tickler
I Bought a Wife Online: Update (pt.2)
Break In
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Rules of the Rhyme
It all started with a Ding Dong Ditch
“911 hello?” transcripts from claire
Someone is playing fetch with my dog...It's not me and I live alone
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying.
Living in Carson City Used to be a Blessing
I own a pair of dice that provide me with real-world luck; but their use comes at a terrible price…
Everyone say happy birthday to Stevie Wonder
I'm a salvage sonar tech, and I have stories, part 2.5
Never, ever, doubt the power of a mother's love
ANOCHECER
Hall of Mirrors (1/2)
I have a new little sister
Freedom?
So my mom says she think this happened ill let you be the juge
A cats eye (Part One)
It lurks in the dark
A personal note on a horrific disease: Case #229, AKA Patient Brittle. (Part One)
They’re in my house. Help.
Immunity
A Monster in the Woods Ate my Father...
The Basement
I Tried Past Life Regression and now Something is After Me
Upon A Crimson Throne: Part 1
Hair Care routine for the modern woman
The Broadside.
The sacrifices we must makeWhat i saw in the window of the spaceship is definitely not a moon (Part 1)
I took up a job as a night guard. Where's the exit?
I work in a restaurant for cannibals; but I'm the only human employee.
New short horror story by Bedtime Stories UK, read by Horror Cane!
alright ima do it, DARUMA SAN RITUAL
The letter which should have never been sent
My lab has successfully created clones. But, something about the clones causes others to behave violently.
Finders Keepers
A FINAL WARNING TO YOU HUMANS!
My Friends and I Made a Ghost Movie when I was Ten
The Man With a Face of All Wrinkles
I'm stuck
Last night was the creepiest late night I've had.
Nicki Minaj Called Me (1/3)
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Checking Out"
Tale of the Roof-Reacher
October 2019 Voting Thread
I'M not freaked out at all!
Stuck In Ikea
I Overturned My Boat Alone in a Cold Northern Sea. This is What I Experienced. (Part 1)
When I look in the mirror I see someone who is not me.
Ben's Bones
What Happened to the Four Missing Teens in Ashwater is Stranger Than We Thought (Ashwater Tapes part 1)
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Part II}
I'm not a reporter anymore. My last story made me quit.
Mary-Ann's Paradox | Chapter 1
Please, no more. This psychological stuff is killing me
They came from the deep, and they've been hunting my family ever since. Now they're after me.
There's One Hell Of A Bug Problem Beneath Hampton Wisconsin
The Downstairs
Coming Home
My cat witnessed somebody murdering the other three cats in my house and I think that person is coming for me.
I stabbed my customer and I don't know what to do.
I Keep Finding Dead Birds By My Window
Someone is tormenting me in a discord chatroom.
Little Audrey Spinner
My Name Is Madness and My Game Is Blood
My little brother keeps sitting on the edge of my bed. The thing is, I’m an only child: Part two
Never Seen Her Again
Coca~Cola
The odd rules of a night time hospital administer
I found a journal on a corpse in Siberia... now i wish i hadn't touched it.
The damned wooden cupboard
Im sat waiting in the car and i keep seeing people dying in the dash cam.
The Wolf Pack
I Woke Up
My ears perk up whenever something unfamiliar is nearby; so why have they been up for the past two weeks?
carpeted kitchen
I’m a driver for the Dark Convoy. Job #5 taught me that destiny is a choice.
She wanted to communicate through the oija board.
I'm never listening to the oldies channel again.
Do y'all know of any creepypastas or any /nosleep stories that involve the reader to increase its scaryness?
Hiding
PEPOLE WANT TO KNOW WHAT I AM ?
My Son was Kidnapped from the Trunk-or-Treat
All the Little Spiders
There's something strange in the fog
There's a Radioactive Ghost Town in New Mexico
I took a security job in a church, now I'm damned to an infinite cycle of death
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 15)
Only when I close my eyes am I in danger...
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Five
This world hides terrible secrets
Demons Everywhere
I met myself.
Every time I lose a tooth, someone dies. I'm down to my last one.
She Stares Back
Follow the black rabbit
Car sitting outside with the engine running.
The Creature and I
The kitchen's sink creates weird sound
What Did Me And My Friend See?
All The Wild Witches
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. The Gunslinger wants me dead.
I met the monster in the woods, and there are things out here worse than him (part 4) end
My beard is growing at an uncontrollable rate
Someone threatened my high school club. Two days later, my best friend disappeared. Advice, legal or otherwise, is appreciated.
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods(2)
I’m a professional big-game hunter. I shot the strangest animal last night…
(this might suck) The Curse of the Ribbed Hat
A Happening on Apple Lane
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part I
Me and My best friend Stayed at my grandpa's old cabin for some days. It didn't end well.
A Small Notice To The Populace of Simulation 1256.
i cant anymore he just keeps following me
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. I found a strange set of rules.... (part 3) (final)
my garbage guy is really pissing me off -- HELP
Horrifying Hustler
Childhood story
Spring-Heeled Jack is back.
When our eyes met, I knew my fate was sealed
I met the previous occupant of my apartment. Turns out he never left.
Never was there a tale of more woe...
The voice on the walkie talkie
Strange Encounter on Sweet Hollow Rd
How do people "wanderlusting" their life away in their 20's feel fulfillment? What will they think at 30?
The Cops are Monsters
My friend started streaming again after two years, his room looks a lot different now.
I've always Loathed funerals
The ghost accidents
I don't know what is happening in my house
I was hired to edit a somewhat successful podcast and the hosts' mic picked up something disturbing.
What did they see 25 years ago?
Final Presidential Address - July 1st, 2016
I think I'm being stalked by a serial killer
We Will All Get Punished
Hello me find an episode to listen to!
It was supposed to be a Fire Drill…
I hope it doesn't come back... Or is it still with us?
We Hunt Down the X Men for a living - The Acceptance
My team and I found a hourglass in an abondened cave in . We all ran out of time.
Mr.Toad (NSFW)
8 Feet Tall
The Missing (UPDATE)
My Cell Mate(s)
I hope the Hundred Eyed God likes the carrot cake I baked him
Have you ever heard of sleep paralysis? I can assure you that it’s terrifying.
I'm beginning to think that I am isolated for a different reason.
I Was Almost Eaten by a Car
I murdered my mother 256 days ago, the Mirrormen made me do it...
I am currently driving home and I keep seeing the same gas station I need help.
He was too real to not be real
THE ACHE HELP ME
I'm Not Going to Kill You, I Promise
I will never return to my parents' house ever again
I think I am in a parallell universe because things have been different recently...
What is your native horror experience?
Trap Door
The Autonomancer’s Homunculus (Recipe Not Included)
I watched myself die
Something is Leaving Blackstone Commercial
Heaven is No Longer Here
I may be dead soon. Please call my mom or the cops if I don’t update this post in the next few days.
I have this friend
Why I never get sleep
Aren't you scared?
Exploring the Reality of Dating
Why did we came here in first place?
My nightmares shape reality
A dog sitting job I got has a very strange set of rules to ensure that I live. (Part 2)
Demise of the Truth Bringer
I don't known if this is allowed!
There’s Something Strange Happening In My Neighborhood.
Everywhere at the end of time
Earth 5
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert
I found a walkie talkie in the woods, what talked to me wasn't human
I found something in my mom's closet... and... I can't explain it.
The Midnight Game - Part Two
Hunting the night (part one)
Was it a cult? Pyramid scheme? Or were they trying to traffic me?
Help me choose the REAL LIFE story from my life to write about that most intrigues you all
I stopped for coffee this morning, and now I'm in a nightmare.
MUTTER (Part 3)
My scary experience with sticky notes.
I Should Have Never Moved To Tennessee.....
Im not allowed to talk about it . . .
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 12: Telly
It wasn’t just a bucket. It wasn’t just red paint.I Found Out Why School Food Is So Bad
I am in a simulation...
I think my boyfriend might be seeing someone behind my back
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. Sacrifices had to be made.
household rules.
This media is not available because it includes a live stream you've chosen not to see.
Those who walk amongst the dead
The Maneaters of the Rail
The Dead Watch Us Through Mirrors
It started with an odd smell.
Yup, I’m a Demon (Sequel to “I think I’m a Demon and my cats are, too”)
NoSleep Podcast Drinking Game
They always seem to come back
Sewer Gators Bait Shop Stories
unety rhe horrur tale of wimpy of kid and the magic yeet
I'm stuck in my mirror and I can't leave..
My friend was an Officer for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away
Under The Influence
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream
33 years old
The Reap
My reflection doesn't copy me.
fuck dick
When I was 6 years old, I had a cat but no one knows where it came from.
A Psycho Mom Attacked Us On Halloween Night
Dark Oracle Issue 1
I opened my great grandfather's secret vault. I made a grave mistake.
The Black Lake Bear
Geocaching alone at 3am.I should turned back as soon my phone died, but..I couldn’t leave just yet.
It started with the knocks
I can't wake up
Everyone Loves Us in Our Village
You all need to stop posting. Right now.
I am a liar
Voyager 1 came back with something on it
Is it possible to have an underground tunnel built to my basement from a neighbour’s basement?
If you get a text at 3:33 a.m., DO NOT reply
I run a cam service for monsters. I need to be very careful about the clients I select.
I got lost in a Chuck E. Cheese and think I went to a different reality
They Summoned It.
I'm a therapist, and my patient is intentionally infecting strangers with HIV
Lowly Night in the Street 5 hours Relaxing Sounds of Rain Falling Down t...
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. What I found behind it changed my family forever.
My girlfriend hasn’t moved in months
All of Her
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me
There's an abandoned town I always take shortcuts through
The Midnight Game Experience
I solved the Fermi Paradox and I regret it. Machine Hearts and Electric Eyes.
What we Grew on the Farm
Nicky mouse almost took me
Waking up to wanting sleep
I bought a used camera last week and something is bothering me
honeymoon from hell
Something took my sister and she is never coming back. It’s all my fault.
The Babe Goes in the Box
The indie game that was tied to a human trafficking ring.
The Cold
Cursed from birth
The Ghost Tree. Part Five of Six.
"Knock"
Maybe the National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Big Bend
I am an Old Woman Now. I Still Can't Forget What Happened Years Ago
Moving back home.
I think I met Santas' brother.
Background check your teachers, please
My best friend is hanging from the ceiling
Meltdown
My neighbors asked me to home sit, they have some peculiar rules. #2
please never ever try the sins of Saoma ritual
If a woman approaches you when you are alone in the wood, don’t try to fight her
I tried to Lucid Dream. NEVER AGAIN.
Alone with my dad
The Ghosts of Bayou Manchac
Goodwill Community
A Cake for Piper
SuperMarket Memoirs 15: No Deal
Almost 3 am, and I cannot sleep AGAIN!
Truck of life
The man on the moon
The Man in the Well (part one of two)
A ghost followed us at the burial
This number is not as fake as you think. I suggest thinking twice before calling
I don’t trust the Kit Kat Clock my wife insisted on buying.
I was kidnapped to be part of a research study Part Three
Sunday Dinner
When I go to sleep people die
There’s a woman in the bathroom at my work, she’s been there for a week
Governmental Security Ratings.
I found a bomb shelter at the edge of town with a family living inside, and now I'm one of them... (part one)
Creature the Lives in the Corners
I Found A Recipe Box Service On The Dark Web (Part Two)
The Iowa State Pig Farm
Meds
It could be already pre world war 3 "biochemical war", what would you do to stay alive?
the knock on my wall
SUNKEFLINESTEIN:THE BEGINNING PART 2
I paid a visit to an abandoned penitentiary and nearly ended up serving a life sentence..
I first saw the twitcher in a fever dream
Evergreen Laboratories
I think my stepmother is trying to kill me
Door
"Why do they scream?"
I Thought My Life was Over. But it is Just Beginning
The heritage of my grandma
I Went On An Expedition To The Titanic. I'll Never Set Foot In The Ocean Again.
What is the name of those thick and warm blankets that hispanics use when it gets cold? They have designs of tigers or wolfs on them
This is the continuation fo my first story about Sri Lanka
The monster
The Zoo I worked a has strange rules and guidelines. The second challenge changed me.
MAKE ME A SPACE
Fight or flight
I am the enemy of HimI thought moving to a small town in the mountains would change my life for the better. I never would've imagined it'd turn out like this.
So I thought up the worst terror act a man could ever do, and if they did do, they should go to hell.
They've been observing me, my entire life.Hylophobia- The fear of forests.
Dear John
Close Your Eyes
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 5)
What if people disappeared?
The thing that killed my cousin is comming for me
Timothy's Woman
Jeffrey Dahmer Is Still Alive (proof)
There is man at the end of my bed
Another Nightmare, but this one was different (P.S. this story is 100% legitimate)
If you see a building called "Night and Fire", do not enter.
I discovered a forgotten tribe near the Grand Canyon, I really wish I hadn’t
The Wanderers second Diary
A letter from my father
June tompson: age 23/ Time of death 8:24 am April 2nd 2007
My Evil girlfriend
Mister Longsleeves
My husband is nocturnal yet he lacks the common plumage
I Started a New Business, but I Think it's Gone Too Far
A Note From the World's Luckiest Man
My friend is known to be loud, but not this loud.
Someone broke into my house while I was inside of it.
Listen from the other side
My therapist wants me to kill myself
the price of grief
I do to know what to do now
We saw a strange 'city' where it shouldn't exist.
Listen to Mother pt I
My Neighbor John
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy. (Part 2)
We accidentally built a time machine.... And now we're figuring out the rules to time travel.
R/abuse but here I am
The child at the bus stop
I discovered a strange mud-bound book while hiking. Its origins are unknown, but it holds some dark secrets.
Where are all those magnetic bracelets
I Am The Chosen One
I lived next to a forest of legend. The temple’s nice, but the walk to it sure wasn’t.
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - part 4
The Bug Problem at Gerard Arthur Public High School Has Gotten Out Of Hand
Unfortunately, I remember the true meaning of life
A white figure with red eyes
New Job
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 8)
I think I met a bone fairy.
I've Been Possessed by a Demon
It’s hunting season
Found a Deep Web Video
It Started With The Sirens
Entanglement
Woke up to a pool of blood
I’m a hoarder, but not even my addiction can force me to enter my basement.
Mystery Box Order Off the Dark Web
My Hainted Nightmares
I run a Air BnB. It’s free, but I have a few unusual rules.
40 years is a "long" time John.
Under The Bed, Above The Earth
I live with a creature I call the Child.
The Hospital I Work At Has A Man Who Claims To Have Visited Hell
I Wouldn't get in the Car
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Finale)
Descent
If you hear a car alarm late in the night don't bother to check it
Something came home with us in our car. It's scratching frantically on the garage door.
How I Saved My Daughter From A Pedophile Ring
Hello I’m here to kill all humans
A war story
Someone broke into my house when i was a kid.
Lost Angels
Time's been Frozen for 2 Days so Why do I hear Footsteps?
The “Thing” In the fields
What the hell are Candle Cats?
I went on a hunting trip and I’ve seen what’s hunting me. I wish I hadn’t.
The Mark of Traub
It didn’t exist
Kids have been seeing big black birds in the sky again
Since When Do Mannequins Bleed?
I work on a Russian submarine. Something is happening...
There’s something wrong with my cat
Robert the Manager
it’s boring asf at school and i wanna make it a bit more fun, is there any rituals i can do requiring limited objects, and if i do, do these rituals am i allowing the spirit/entity im summoning, to follow me home
LoveHatePainScars
Limbo.
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back. FINALE, part 1
The Scab Collector
Narrated this part, hope thats ok!
My Friends always told me not to trust beautiful men, I never knew what they meant.....
I don’t get people think clinical depression is entirely genetic
The world we live in isn't so far from the tales we tell...
Our teacher doesn't call us by our real names but by our future potential
The scariest story ever
~Ghost Orbs~
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality
I am never having a threesome again
No matter what you hear, no matter what you see, keep moving forward
Something's wrong and for once it isn't the people I work with: Part 2
I Killed a Man With a Shovel, But I Think He's Still Alive
So I know this isn't the scariest story but this felt like the right place to put it.
There’s a face outside my window. It appears every night at 2:04 AM.
a stranger in a park
The Figure
The Fire Bug
I found a letter
I deliberately broke my ears. And to this day I suffer from this disease.
Do Not Google Youself
Something chases me in my dreams. When I wake up it gets closer.
Souvenirs
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 12)
A Horse of my Own, Part 1 of 2
I was abducted as a child
FATAL OS FAILURE
there’s a smell coming from my basement.
I had to follow a bunch of rules in my job and they are weird
There is a haunted hotel in my town, in which alot of people died. I still have nightmares from that place.I’m in the worlds biggest beauty pageant, but I suspect there’s something more going on... (Series)
Dream Spirit?
I never knew I would be a killer...of course not, who would ever think that? PART II
My dad was a famous author who abandoned his popular YA series and went missing in 2017. His psycho fans wanted an ending, so they took me.
I FINALLY got on Disneyland’s “Rise of the Resistance” ride, but what I saw there will make me never go back
The Clock Calls My Name
My mother told me to never leave my bedroom at 2:47 AM, I should've listened. (Part 1)
My husband
Time Traveler
SomeonesSomeone's watchingSomeone's watching me
There was an outbreak on a planet the doesn't exist anymore....I'm here to explain what happened
The Isolation Journal - Entry #01
Never leave the Garden
I’m rotting from the inside
I run an anomaly intervention task force.
The Dreamers of sin
My Friend and Her Strength (Part 2)
Trials of the Imp
Urbex Story - That Evil House
Someone Came to the Eden Retreat Who Doesn’t Belong
Our Time Is Almost Up. They Are Coming Back.
Can i please get an answer.
The shadow's whisper.
Killing someone is really anticlimactic
This trip to Paris was a bit strange (Part 1 of the Intro)
Am I even awake? (Pt 3 FINALE)
The Shattering
This time, the gods aren’t angry at us
Our Daughter's new friend
perfect gina
I thought I was done sleepwalking
Please.
Contests for r/nosleep Serial Stories??
My brother killed himself a week ago, today I found his notebook. Part 2
I Woke Up Crying
Web of Lies
Regarding Your Negative Job Interview with Lukewarm Star
Be careful in the waters of the Florida Keys
My house belonged to a serial killer
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about my family-Parts 1-4
he was dancing
The story of the cracking statue.
I am Angelica Bravero, and I am afraid.
NEVER SNEAK INTO THE SCHOOL PREMISES AT NIGHT
I’m Trapped On My Hotel Balcony
Never look at the bright side of life
I'm a salvage sonar tech, and have stories to tell... part two.
My cum is alive and it is PERFECTION
She wouldn't shut up. There was no other way.
December Woods
True Paranormal Accounts from a Man That Just Wants Someone To Listen. Part 1
A Guide from a Monster Hunter Part III
Salt of the Earth, Part 2: Life on the Farm
What do YOU think..
the deep state is listening to your thoughts
wtf are imaginary friends?
I found a dead monk's last letter...
Have Any Other Customer Service Workers Met These Cult Members?
Night, Night
A Sorcerer's last notes
Swapsies. The Horrible Story of the Changing Man
We found some weird bones on a paleontology trip. We should've left them where we found them.
Who or what is Satoshi Nakamoto?
Do not go back to the Oceanic Trenches. Part. 1
Ignore her,forget her
One if by land.
I hunt monsters, here's the story of my first hunt.
Dead Zones
A found a cult, it’s not what you expect...
Midnight Visitor
Who was on the other side of my room?
The Kingdom Of The Flesh King
I thought this might help if struggling to sleep!
You own a Journal kept by a serial killer,when you woke up you found another entry.
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. I rediscovered something important.
All my life I’ve lived in fear of constant war (PART FOUR)
I'm just writing. Writing writing writing.
Okay, so I just had one hell of a night.
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART XII
Mysterons
The Most Traumatizing Night Of My Life
my school has a dark past and its creeping back into light. (3)
The First Darkness
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. My uncle's done something terrible to my brother and father, and now I'm all that's left
My friend warned me over a virus on april 1st but im now convinced that he isn't lying
They Call Me Spacegirl. I Don't Paint Anymore
Real or just fiction?
A hedgehog talked to me and threatened my Wife.
The Man Under The Lamppost
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Four Beeps
Blackout
The Man In The Airport
I Work At the Brimstone Tavern, Some Patrons Cause All Sorts of Problems
House Tours
A Warning for anyone in Las Vegas
PSA
The Suburbs: Exits and Sentinals (3)
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life. P2
My family has been acting strange ever since a few nights ago.
The birthday Wish
This isn’t a dream anymore...
Kids don't go in the spare room.
NoSleep Interview with PoloniumPoisoning!
I have attention deficit disorder and only one thing has helped me focus.
"In the Middle of Nowhere"
The Circus
If you have a very sore throat, but your temperature's below normal, you DON'T have the flu. Get help.
Cave of Dreams
I tried to summon a deamon, but it looks just like me. PART 1
I Used to Work for a Government
Paul’s Fresh Cuts
The legend of the blue berd
What happened after my Deep Web Job
There Is Something Out There
The Surgery
My Diary: December 21st and January 12th
I’ve Always Wanted To Change School Lunches, Now I’m Supposed To Be A Part Of The Menu
I've Found Some Strange Writings
People you love never die
The basement
There were houses on his island - My first creepypasta
I work at a gore factory.
I'm an archaeologist that discovered a hidden world through crowdsource work
The Man with Many Jobs
Don't Fall Asleep
hey guys i have a story in 2 sentences
Thing in the Water
If you have an abscess in your armpit, you’d be better off dead
the man in the windows
Need Advice About my Roommate (part 4)
My program at the university has a strange set of rules that we students must follow
IMG_0013: HELP ME!!! (Part 2)
The Rumors Are True
I applied as a night class teacher in a Catholic School, and the school minister gave me rules to follow
My name's Dom. My wife and I have been arguing about putting my mother away in a home lately than this happened...
Lunbir City (Chapter 1/12)
My Sister Went Missing Over Three Years Ago. Now I’ve Been Getting Weird Letters From Her PART TWO - The following entries were found on an old recorder in a straw hut on the outskirts of Pantanal in Brazil.
I interpret nightmares. Then they come true in the most horrible ways.
Hand
I work at a crooked casino. You don't gamble with money here.
My job is to lucid dream. I discovered something that will kill you tonight.
I'm back; there's no going home
Tesla Car Log
If you can't find love.
The Dream Shop
Pawn To King Four
the curse of womanhood
Please listen to this my real story.
I got too good at chess
The kool aid man
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist.
Cliffs
It's been hard to breathe since my uncle died
A Dream
I Have Never Been Caught in the Rain
The Woman and the Door
The Taxi Man
That was a really cold night
Cease and Desist Part 2
The Book of Autonomancy: Self-Love Potion #10 (Part 21)
Something happened to my friend in Bore Woods.
The Girl In The Woods
My cat kills drunk drivers. I think.
The Trench That Hungers pt 2
I found a mirror and it nearly destroyed me.
A siren head almost made me and my moms freind plus their late night dinner and a late night desert...
THEY’RE NOT COMING, THEY’RE ALREADY HERE
You may be Afriad of the Sea, But You Should be Terrified to Step onto Dry Land
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 4)
Asking for advice on how to let go after loss of a family pet. Thanks in advance! :)
The Girl in the Window
The Hunter
I wake up at night for no reason.
The misadventures of a washed-up magician
The Boy in the Forest
I might have sold my soul to Hollywood today? |Part 1|
The demon inside of me.
Confessions of a Tooth Fairy (Long Post)
My friend and I snuck out at night to visit the nearby park. I saw something there that will haunt me forever.
A Harmless Social Experiment
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying
Why I Don't Lucid Dream Anymore
If you are in Halstead Kansas, Please! NEVER GO TO THE AVI BRIDGE AT NIGHT!
Regulars at Work
My best dreams are my worst nightmare
A House of Fakes
Yachting
I was hired as a receptionist, how the hell do you forget to add this in the job description?
Sister, help me.
Bunch of Bones
I won the online dating jackpot
Discord
Do you guys ever think that our consciousness can be linked through the dream state?
What was above them?
The Horror House
My brother and I used to played a game at our lake house.. we didn't know the horrifying damage it would cause.
I accidentally wandered into Area 51 and I can't leave now
Clovers
A ghost???
My friends grandpa appeared in my friends roomNight shift (fiction)-
Never go to bed Angry.
Insecurity
Area 51 and the SCP foundation are the same thing
My horrific nightmare
Waiting to Wake
Last Night I Invited a Man Over For Dinner
Please, Don’t Be A Bully
There’s a cartoon of my family’s murder.
creepy pasta authors!
I went to a satanic church and they made me sacrifice a human with a sac on their head but then I realised who it was, but not until after..
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone.
Nightmare inside of a nightmare
It all began when i met him.
The Red Corvette
Last night I was texting my friend... she's been missing for a week
I Think I Angered God.
The Wild Hunt: Urban Style (REVISED) - PART 2
Let this be our last goodbye
The Fold
Check this🔥
I survived a twisted game with the Devil and came out top. PT.2
I can remove horrific memories, but one of them refuses to die.
House Noises pt 1
Everything is Frozen in Place Except Me
Savanna Zephyr
I Haven't Left My Car in 4 Days
нσяяσя тняєα∂ skin crawler
The Grove.
I had this fear. Today, all hell broke loose. (3)
There’s someone on this flight who doesn’t belong.
Automatic lights
My Friend Angela
Someone keeps knocking on my apartment door.
My encounters with the paranormal.
I never really payed much attention to the woods that stretched behind my house...
Gramma
My Worst Fear..
My apartment would be the perfect place to live if it weren't for the noise problem
We found a scroll containing an eye witness account of the Crucifixion. I really hope that it is not true
Radio Phantom and the sound of the cosmos
The time I saw Stephen King at a Little League game
Fortunate
We made first contact with a new tribe. What we found on that island was not human.
During My Investigation, I Discovered A Creature I Can't Explain, Pictures Included (Part Three)
“The Moderators,” by Adi Robertson
Rabies is the most no sleep thing EVER
Don't look for me.
Something happened last night at the fair.
I joined a convent. Something is terribly wrong here.
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. Followed all my life
We were occult hitmen for the government. They sent us to kill a cultist who learned God's name.
The Deadly Space Signal
The Roblox Murderer
I grew up in a town called Alderdale. Please never go there.Did you ever why you hear sounds or see things that aren't there while alone...?
Veins aren't supposed to move like this.
Red Door, Yellow Door
The Nutcracker
I’m a monster that’s hired to hunt other monsters (part 1)
My best friend..
House Of Wolves.
If you have a paranormal question feel free to ask
His body was never found
I met karma. And I’m terrified to meet her again.
The Records of Sam Parks - The Shadows of Chester Mine
My neighbor's dog keeps barking. It has stopped for a long time now.
I used to be a lifeguard at an indoor swimming pool, until something horrifying happened on my morning shift.
It'll be ok as long as I don't talk about it.
My name is Joshua Kevin Howard and the weird things in my life wont stop following me
We should not have checked out the reason behind the bloodcurdling scream that had erupted from our neighbour's house.
My Childhood Friend
I used to be sacred of storms (Part 3)
Number 3: Breathe in. Hold. Breathe out.
Maria on the moon Repost
Nothing is what it seems.
The Witches and Warlocks of River Leaf (Story 3)
The Midnight Radio Show
My friends were killed in a bar. And think I know what happened.
The Harbor Man
The toes, hand 'em over.
I can't stop sleeping with my head under the covers, even after 15 years.
Road trip specific no sleep podcast episode??
Something bad is haunting me.
Coronavirus? No. Something has been released that is much worse...
Mommy used to love me.
Air base suicide ghost
I had lunch with a Navy Vet, and now I'm scared of the Ocean.
The angel of death healed my hypochondriasis. Then, in my moment of weakness, he made me strike a bargain.
Indigo's Terror (Has any of you ever experienced these kinds of terror?
A demon broke into my house ( PART 2). After the breakout
Invisible Strings
My older sister writes children's books. We brought one of her characters into the real world.
My mom and uncle spotted an apparition over a video call
Consequence of sleep deprived
I’m a Medic in a Weird Hospital: Update
Something is really wrong
My Doll Sally
What to do when the shadows change:
У вас было то-чувство что вы не знали что вам делать, но вы нашли выход. Какие это ситуации?
I fell into a river. I was visiting Lego city.
What is it!?
Paralysis
Emotional Support Canadians are NOT What You Think.
Text You Later
i hunt cryptids for a living #1 the chupacabra
I found a dead woman in my basement.
I work in home healthcare for "odd" patients. These are my stories.
Hank Elkins was executed for murdering my family. Now, his ghost haunts my house, and I’m afraid I’m next.
I ran into an interesting animal yesterday.
The Girl We Met On A Dark Road Followed Us Inside The Car
JAB-76842-7
I really wish this wasn’t a true story
My son came black.
My Social Media Posts Became My Nightmares
Something is terribly wrong with my landlord (Part I)
Don't You Cry
The Cryptid Files of Alice Irvin (part one)
I camped in the woods alone, and woke up with a parasite
What am I?
The Man on the Bench (Part 1)
I wish I just got writers block like a normal person
It started simply as an incomplete on my Global Econ course. I’d been to every lecture.
The lady in the purple dress and the skeleton
Reset
Recruiting members. Join Now!
I've been trapped in a library for six hours. The finale, part one.
There's something inhuman in my hometown, UK
someone help me to explain what the fuck is going on
Special Needz 1M YOUR GOD NOW
Ouija players, what happened during or after playing it?
Project Hybrid
Something Happened to My Family on Their Vacation
freaked me OUT
This is my first time and I’m not really a good writer but I hope you guys like it ( tag because of animal gore-ish, is just don’t wanna break rules)
I’m looking for my dog. Can you help me?
Short story I decided to write.
I am not a killer (part five)
Let me die
By 1948, beheading by the guillotine was still the official form of capital punishment in France. I was an executioner.
Nobody....nothing... just silence
The Year Is 2026...
Black Mistletoe
There is a isolated village that I've live since i was 18, it has a dark secret
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 4)
Never going to my mom's place ever again
The world ended last night and nobody remembers (Part 3)
Dunno where to post this so I'll post it here
Small Town Tales Part Three
My brother and I are being left home alone for the weekend. Someone just broke into our house.
We need help.
The Technician
Subject 3: The Survivor 2/10
Sleeping Paralysis Experience. 📷
Sleeping issue+screaming from others
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about sharing a two-man room at Chicksands...
My sleep paralysis has a pattern and I am not sure what it means
I'm addicted to dying.
I think there's a cult behind my grandparents house (Part 2)
The Night Before Christmas
today....we did something we shouldnt have done
Crow Valley: Part I
I think I have an Idea on whats going on now
Something odd happened a couple of hours ago in a car park and I’m still wrapping my head around it
My grandpa has a set of rules guests need to follow.
The man with the golden ring and the re bracelet(part1)
I used to love eating at Dave's chicken hut. PART ONE
Humanity's secret war
Slices of life: The case of the stolen bacon
I've been dragged back at the place I used to work at but quit because of the rules. (Pt. 2)
Everyone is missing.
Can I borrow your comb?
a planes black box reveals what happened to a entire platoon of pilots (first ever story and im a sucker for military slang)its ment to be simple but also creepy for anyone who knows military slang
A lone boy was found in the woods, and he has been in my care ever since
I'm in direct need of help, so i decided to reach out
NoSleep Interview with NewToTownJam!
We shouldn't have gone down there
The people of Florida
The Backrooms.
Rural Encounter (reupload)
When you see the game named ‘Inside’, don’t ever play it!
Something followed me home.
My girlfriend doesn't know I'm back home .
Verified&amp;Confirmed method of summoning a demon;;;
In the light, I saw the dark
Anita Lee's Diary (2)
If the lights go out at the grocery store late at night, get out before the locks disappear. If they do, it's too late
Taht time I entered my friends basement.
Why I stopped exploring abandoned houses.
People Go Missing All The Time
They're Close (Part 3)
Late night run
The Black Wolf Creepypasta
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 5)
My therapist tells me she is dead, but he is lying!
SUNKEFLINESTEIN:THE BEGINNING (PART 1)
liquid glass
The school library
Bonjour je m'appelle riyan je suis un nouvel utilisateur de Reddit bref place a mon histoire
فيروس كورونا
This is your fault.
I Used to Live in a Haunted House
Someone shot up my school and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember
This is not a suicide note, it is a warning“Hey! My eyes are up HERE!”, the ghost of the underwear model glared at me and crossed his arms.
The government hides so much from you.
"Do You Want to Play Again?"
Don't disable the safety feature on your phone
My slumber party horror story
Twas the night before...
I gotta tell you something about my girlfriend!
Amy Finished copy
I work as a receptionist at a hospital. A very strange woman walked in one night.
The sounding of the seven trumpets: The first call
Reckoning
A tornado hit my house when I was 6. I finally found out what really happened.
Land's Intelligence
Local Radio hijacked by numbers station?
I'm an Amazon Flex Driver and Today I Learned the True Meaning of Christmas
Someone just buried a body in my backyard. I don’t think they’re dead.
I'm an arms dealer, and I've met Death, in person.
Ruby
She Follows Me (Part 2)
I don’t know if I should ever even go outside again.
Dawn of the Werewolf
The Inheritance Game - What exactly would you be willing to do for $300 million?
Semantic Satiation (Part 1)
Waking up at 03:33
I'm a manga artist, and something appeared in my drawing that's now trying to kill me.
I love my son, but I am terrified of what he does in his sleep. PLEASE HELP.
They came with the rain
Santa's Other Workshop
I hear them at night...
I’m Currently Living With My Brother Who Ingested My Sisters Flesh When He Was Eight Years Old (part 1)
Unknown calls
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Part 4)
Breaking the silence on Greg Timothy's case, and what do we do now...
The man who knew infinity.
My Dream.
I Don't Believe in Ghosts (maybe NSFW?)
Addiction
Coelum Express, 7 Plages Ski Resort, at Mount Ortu
#SaveTheChildren
The deal
Ice cream for days
DEAD AM
LEAKED Government memo details cover-up by Yukon Territory and RCMP Officials! REAL documents attached! Last names and locations removed to protect identities.
I don’t think I should’ve come down here to begin with.
Shirley’s Rejuvenating Lotion
I wound up working the overnight.
My Sister and I Bought Some Property and I Visited the Previous Owner...
Today there were two sunrises, and I think they were the last sunrises I’ll ever see.
My father Sold Me To A Monster On My 14th Birthday
There's A Women Living In My Bedroom
Does ouija board actually work?
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong.
Is This Guy Crazy?
People regularly go missing during tours of the tunnels underneath my town. Then it was my fiancé’s turn.
Everything is gray...
Him and a Boy Named Jamesy.
The "SM64" lucid dreaming technique
When I was a child I played in a castle made of light
I'm being hunted down by what I believe is my Doppelganger
Every since Mr. Higgins died, there's been screaming.
If you're playing hide and seek, don't hide in the attic. (part 1)
I Watched a Man Walk out of the Ocean
The silent kids
i’m being followed by someone who looks exactly like me.
being bipolar is a horror story
i can’t believe this actually happened.
LPT - Sleep when you can
Something is Feeding on Me. I Need Advice, Please.
The things I see, but don't fully understand.
If Your Phone Buffers, Throw It Away
Room 12A
It's been following me since I was a kid, and I think it's reached me.
I think there's something wrong at work
I am a notorious serial killer
My best friend and I are the same
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage.
He was in the shed...(this kinda sucks but...)
You think you know somebody . . .
Dog Dreams
Airplane friends
College Ghost Stories Ep 2 - The Wailing Woman
Unfriendly Smiles
I found a Disturbing Diary in Japan's Suicide Forest
Ladies and gentleman, Peter Frampton!
My mother cared about me. Maybe more than she should.
It isn't you, it's them
I Will Never Step Foot In My Parents' House Ever Again
I'm Respawning or Something?
Losing the family dog seemed like the worst thing that could have happened... little did I know that his return would actually be.
My First Paranormal Experience.
Here are the times I met David Schwimmer
The creature we see at night.
Our Bus Driver Drove us to an Abandoned Town
emeraldelerium
My best friend started seeing a ghost in our apartment. I think it was me.
"Tá sé thuas staighre."
I created the Wikipedia article of a ghost who can't move on.
I've been deaf for 14 years. A couple days ago, I heard. I wish I never had.
How to Survive Camping - I brought home some new "pets"
Something crawled in bed with me last night, it wasn't my girlfriend...
I Saw Something Beneath The Ice...
toby his story
I am a sex worker. Sometimes we get the grossest clients.
Real Estate
Gremlins
How I Got A Bullet IN The Mail (Part 2)
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about drinking with strangers...
Something is Wrong
Awaken to Reality
A Memory I Had While I Sat In The Doctor's Waiting Room.
Unwanted nightly visitor
I’ve bitten my nails for years but I’m sure this isn’t normal.
A Deep Dark Birthday
I took my dog camping and he hasn’t been the same since
The ghost of the serial killer got him
My dream just happened in real life....and now I’m scared....
Last Call
My name is Mikhail Vasilevsky. I want you to know my story.
I woke up in a fat Italian man’s body
The Everlasting House
My daughter doesn't want to carry our family tradition.
My armpits smell like weed
I killed a young man who nobody cared about
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone
Tourists of Arkhamearn approx 2,520 to 24,120 in 1 hour
If you see a red eyes coming near you in the woods at night, stay there and let me kill you.
Your Penis Isn't What You Think it is
I know I’m not alone...
If you see a Woman grilling on Her pick up truck at 3am DON'T approach Her.
The ice cream man has a new flavour and the kids are crazy for it. (Part 2)
I’m a Medic in a Weird Hospital: My First Night
I managed to go through my mirror. The world on the other side is not the same
A Spider Bit Me But Didn’t Make Me Spiderman
the cellar
Guide to hunting cursed texts
I’m being recalled
New video uploaded!
Here I stand. 1. Seeing anew
I gave the eulogy at my grandfather's funeral yesterday (Part 1)
Sickness
And they all went missing Pt: 2
Don't Drive Through The Sugar Cane Fields at Night
I had a very traumatizing experience because of a poem
Have you ever wondered if there are multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying. Part 2 - He found me
The hole in my wall
I found a cure for leukemia, but shortly after, it found me.
Heavy Metal Was My Life (Part 1)
Weird Things Follow Me: The Hole In The Wall, Chapter 1, part 1
I have discovered what ''Junk DNA'' trully does. Be glad it exists.
Resurrection Cemetery
Who Am I?
The Witch's Grave
I Killed Myself Tonight At 9:30 P.M.
The Changing Room
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The Wild Rivers Massacre
From the Diary of an Astral Projector
The Lurker on the Stairway
Sandman
The Guest Room (Part 2)
It Took Our Socks
Severe thunderstorm alert
I couldn't fall asleep. Something kept watching me for several nights.
Yard Sale
War is Hell, the Devil is in the Details
I found my sister's journal, and I don't think she was crazy
The lady in white.
I wanted to find Humanity's Purpose, I went too far
Into the Dark
Eight Ways to Paradise: The First Step FINAL (part 3)
Floor 2: Domus Reprobi Angeli
Anybody interested in the Occult? I have 2000 Books on Google Drvie. FREE
True story.....
The Observers (Part 4) Smoke and Mirrors. Ones and Zeroes.
Meet me at 8:00
All I see is shrimp.
Dear Diary, This is Carly from the Bunker
There is something terrible in Sri Lanka's rainforest you shouldn't know about...
Chapped face
The Woodmen Part-1
I Have To Go To The Dunes
The inhabitants of that one weird building made me move into the building..
My friend's drawings are stunning, but his process will land him in prison one day (part three)
When I was younger I had sleep paralysis every day. One of worst experience, was a demonic human wolf, creeping into my bed, laying next to me and growling next to my ear. I couldn't move.
The Worst Thing I Ever Did
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I fear in the process of digging, I've found my own grave
I'm a world famous stage magician. My latest trick might be the death of me.
Mentally Unprepared, Horrifically Scarred (Part 1/2)
Return To The Dark
Noisy Neighbor
This is 100% true
I worked as a former security guard, I saw a suspicious piece of paper HOLDING rules..
A dark figure hovers over me during sleep paralysis, but now it is following me even when I’m awake.
Nameless Faces
They’re giving me a different drug every day
My grandmother always told me the number that would summon the Beast. She was wrong.
The end has come (first post)
I saw something in the basement of a parking house that I will never be able to unsee
A true horror story
A Whisper through the Winter Winds
True Story - I explored abandon places one time, but I found something else instead.
I'm not crazy, I swear... even if this makes me sound insane.
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...and I’ve found a new religion
something isnt right
I knocked on the wall. And it knocked back.
IT followed me
My uncle wanted curtains on the door, then I found out why.
Have you ever woken up and felt groggier than normal?
I saw my DEAD best friend in the woods
The Waterton Woods Mystery 2019
My Brother Died. But the coffin is open.
The Umbra Experiment
leave one room open
Something came from the drain
My brother died in a police shooting and I heard his voice at the funeral Part 3
The Deep Dark
Flirt with a NSFW-built AI, never has a headache and answers 24/7!
The Wrong Curse
The Planet of the Shadows
Dora's Box
A true horror story that was told by my older brother when he worked in the local library
The rules to Surviving Night Shift Maccas
Those godless waters
"HONK IF YOU'RE HUNGRY"
I Stayed With My Roommate and His Parents Over The Holidays
I just inherited a haunted house, and my stupid ass ignored half the rules before losing the list
I believe i was possessed as a kid.
A Message From The Guardian of the Forest
Please read!!!
I got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found an unsettling list of rules......
The Coronavirus Is a Coverup For Something Evil
Astral Travel experiences?
The Stickman
2:30
"Passion."
Creepypasta suggestions please :::&gt;&gt;&gt;
I am an arctic researcher for the United States and it's getting so much colder with the power cut.
I was a millionaire and I didnt even know it.
Looking for medical advise
I stole my neighbour’s dog after I saw him abusing it, but now I’m scared he’s coming after me
If your horny and you know it clap your hands!
Im a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one I planned to take to my grave.
I think there's something wrong with my dog...I only have one week until they come
I Have to Believe in God, Because I Know Satan is Real
My cousin committed suicide two days ago and all that she left was this note.
Mr. Lore: Sam is back! Yeah!
Growl
Today i saw a demon in my bed
Please help me find this story
Im stuck on 2012
Scary ghost girl in my living room
Elise Juniper: A Lesson Learned
Whatever you do, don't ever look at the gap between the train and the platform
When I Was a Child I Played in a Castle Made of Light
The island of the Gods
Running late for the exam, I checked the seating chart and thundered up the stairs, heading for the 5th floor.
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 – Final Section
Visceri
The Wavering (A phenomenon)
Three nights ago, I was surprised by an unusual visitor. Last night, it returned.
I met my dead aunt 9 years after she died
Log In 1.The Biggest. The Baddest. The Bradest
I work for a hotel that broadcasts to a specific clientele I wasn’t supposed to know
Does anyone know anything about the strange door in Grand Anath Creek? (Part 1)
I am Orpheus redeemed
Something is dating my daughter (Part 2)
Its too late now, but on some level wish I had never tried meditation.
It helps to controle emotions!
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Seven)
I bought a new TV. There are some rules I need to follow
The Remodeler's Perspective
I think I see things humans are not supposed to see
I woke up surrounded by vipers.
Any good YouTube horror story narrators?
I am haunted by the image of myself hanging.
Never forget the monster in you.
Ghost StoriesWhat they don't teach you in Firefighter training
The Kid Nextdoor
The New Teacher (My First Story)
I have escaped the village where people scream at the setting sun (FINALE)
I was given one week to write a novel. I'm afraid of what'll happen even if I finish it.
October 2019 contest nominations
An old nightmare
The Weird Thing....
I used to work at the strangest zoo on Earth. I would say God help us, but at this point, I don’t think even God could help us
Snuff
Really bad headaches can ruin a person's day. My headaches ruin lives.
The cabin along FS472
Pizza Delivery is Dangerous
THE HAPPY PLACE
The Dollhouse Murderer
Being Immortal is far from you think it is. (Part 1)
I promised my second-born child to a demon
Please don't go off the trail.
I’m A Vampire &amp; I Investigate The Supernatural. They Have Serial Killers Too
the language of violence
Sri lanka real horror story
It wasn’t a tree
I accidentally summoned the Midnight man.
HYDROMANCY- PATIENT RECORD AR1967378
I’m blind and my wife is deaf. When I heard strange things, she saw them. (Part 3 - final)
Late Night Convince Store
Short one let me know what you think
Skin
Always here
The Halloween Party
Be careful where you choose to sleep.
Train Stations
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in... (part 3)
Another assignment
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
The Shoes
The Abandoned House In My Neighborhood Turned Out To Be Haunted
ResolutionSolutions
The Girl Who Drew Goats
A Polyamory Relationship (help)
I now realize I wasn't prepared to pay the price to complete my Peppa Pig collection.
I saw something weird while working as a bridge tender in Florida and now I can't work anywhere else.
Never dine at the Pavlovian Piggy
The luckiest man is surrounded by misfortunes...
I can’t remember...
I work at a Call Center that services the recently deceased. 7/3/2020 -- Part 4
Dreaming of you.
I watched somebody die and then come back alive
Plagerism on no/sleep by leonardo desalvatore
I run a museum of cursed objects. Someone didn't kiss the dog.
The Waiter
People love playing in their closets, but not me...
Not human
I caused the end of the world.
¤ Part 1. The Crimson Puddle.
My childhood TV show was darker than I thought...
Haven't you wanted to kill someone?
Never Feed Jenny
They All Laughed at Me
Making burritos saved me life.
If the lights flash red, HIDE (Part 2) (END)
My friend and I know the truth (Update 3)
Climate change really is a hoax.
I fought with my brother yesterday and I can't sleep, I may have developed PTSD
Keep the lights on... and don't trust the shadows...
deer in the headlights
How do I make a post inside a subreddit?
I Reported My Abusive Neighbor To The Police
BITO/ASIE
Zoo, Part 1
Graphic: Nigerian man sets his son ablaze for allegedly stealing $1 from landlord
The Pilgrim
Try this video.
Underground farm with irradiated cow
From Here to Fra'ternity: The Brahpocalypse
The One Who Takes Children (Part I)
concert fans: please read
The Imaquumajuq of Alaska
Did you know you can change your background picture in Zoom?
I don’t know why I’m awake
message to the moderators (feel free to delist this I just want some of the moderators to read this)
Not sure this fits but just read.
The CDC is hiding something from you all
The man watching me sleep
Something won't let me sleep. I think it's mad at me.
I found out why they want them to be cremated
something happen at my school
My boss gave me some rules to follow but I made a mistake.
Horror novel recommendations
The Barn in the Field
I just inherited a haunted house, and the ghosts want me to run a god damn bed and breakfast
I think I made a mistake
The tombstone rock on the hill of hell (part one)
I’m a former police officer and there is some weird and unusual experiences that have happened (Part 1)
2 Girls 1 Cup Ruined My Life...
How real can dreams be?
I went for a drive late last night, turns out I wasn't alone
My False Memories
A thought.
PROOF
FIRST TRANSMISSION
The Hooded Being
I moved into a rundown apartment complex. I had a really weird dentist's appointment.
Hic Sunt Monstrum
Three True Stories
Your world is a simulation. I'm the developer.
Where did the orangutans go? - Conclusion
The pandemic has really been getting to me. I’ve been hearing a voice in the silence, and it wants to hurt me.
How to Survive Camping: Rule #9 - the lady in chains
Test Subject 1214
There used to be a kindergarten up the hill, i think they made another use of it
Let That Man Go
I recently saw a VHS tape from my youth in which I recognised a girl I lost touch with a long time ago... however I'm starting to wonder if something nefarious happened to her...
The Well - Desperation As The Beginning
My home is VERY haunted, but I was targeted as a child
I Think Old Mara and The Rake Are Trying to Recruit My Body...
The Umbrella Room
The Santa Flora Expedition
The book with the blue binding
I just moved into the new house with my family, and I think I've done something I didn't mean to.
I think I found a portal to another dimension...
I thought it would be funny to have a sadistic coworker. I got more than I bargained for.
My new girlfriend
Ice Blue
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part IV
Creepypasta " it's in the sewers"
Scariest horror stories?
I’m selling my alien
It was just supposed to be a normal camping trip
Kissing
Something is VERY wrong on this airplane... (PART 1)
Message Received
Is there a version...
Goodnight, Alexa
I think I just saved humankind from a mind-eating alien entity.
Trying to remember a qoute i can't seem to remember...
Mummy, Mr Mondays, and Me
i stole aSCP document
Why won’t the man on the television die?
I moved my family into a new home. I will live with that regret the rest of my life.
My Sister and I Bought Some Property and it Came With This Letter...
I got lost coming home, and I’m still not sure where I was.
The Lure of Friendship
Scolopendrphobia- A Fear of Centipedes
It crosses you off
I Spent A Year In an Underground Bunker
I'm a 911 operator and one call stands out from the rest
I think my roommate is into some weird shit.
Roadkill for souper
I Got Lost On The Highway in 2008
My Dog Has Been Acting Strange Since Going Missing, is This Normal?
Hassaan
The Knocking Past 5:01AM.
The Thing In My House
Last seen on Interstate 81
I found a diary about an earthquake that never occurred
Today it's my birthday &amp; nobody wished me.
Like an Empty Shell
My little sister used to be a picky eater. Used to.
Ingrown
The Infinity Man
If you feel them there at night, say this as you turn out the light.
I’ve Been Assigned To Kill Evil People (Part 2)
A matter of calculation
My best friend owns a haunted doll.
Flute: 1 Hour of Soothing Relaxation Music
My Childhood Home Was Haunted
A crisp fall day, 1974, northern Oklahoma.
Do Not Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 3 Final)
My house phone rang last night, we don’t have one anymore.
My house hates me.
I am not okay.
I just won the lottery, and it ruined my life
My Brother Killed Himself
Have you ever had such a weird dream?
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a nightmare. Second session - Stan.
I saw some terrible things as a missionary. I'm ready to open up about them (part 1).
The Corpse of Gavin
I Found My Brother in a Cave
Our house in the mountains. (True story)
There are red eyes watching me from everywhere in my house
I'm On Fire (Part Two)
Something is Watching Me From the Woods (Part 3)
Bloody Mary killed my friend.
The zombies part 1
The Murder of Susan Knight
I work in a haunted firehouse, here are my stories
Clay Pots
my internet friend
Why I Don't Run at Night Anymore
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse. Part 4
Blood Heritage (Part 1)
White Hair Scare
Steadfast in the Forest of Night
Why I'm Drinking Myself to Death
I Love My Wife...
He left me, and now I think he regrets it
Side Effects May Vary
The Shit I Saw In Iraq
I found a journal in my basement the other day.
My Best Friend Heard Strange Voices Coming From A Blizzard. He's Been Missing Ever Since.
ᛒᛟᛟᚴ ᛟᚠ ᛞᛖᚨᛏᚺ: ᚲᚺᚨᛈᛏᛖᚱ 1: ᛏᚺᛖ ᛋᛖᚨ ᛟᚠ ᛏᚺᛟᚢᛋᚨᚾᛞ ᛖᚤᛖᛋ
I had to kill a person and yield her soul to save my sister
Jerome
I'm a therapist, and my patient has an extremely unusual addiction
If you are reading this I’m sorry
My family waited 20 years to open a 100 year old time capsule
Davis, or Why I stopped using PornHub
The White Blob
Working on a story for r/nosleep! Need help/info
My (Sleep paralysis) experience.
Unus Annus.
"Something"Hunting the Hunters.
My roommate in the mental ward wanted to be me.
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Final)
Blackwoods Bend Part Five - Come Home, Danny
How to Survive Camping - a funeral for the inhuman
I saw Siren Head
A flooding world
605512
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. Some people are too good for this world.
Jess
Stalker
Don't Go In The Cellar - Chase Reed
Some of them can't even walk yet
False Color - Part 1
Never go into the devil’s house
The Daily Tasks of a Harbormaster's Apprentice - The Intro
I've been learning white witchcraft from the Circle. I've learned my teachers aren't white witches.
Problems removing new Oculus Quest from my head
Something is happening in my hometown and I'm completely terrified. I don't know what to think...
My dog has been talking to me. And what’s its saying doesn’t sound good (part two)
SANPF) DON'T COME HERE
Grandma's Mirror
I love her
Houska Castle repost
Whatever it was, watched me sleep...
My cats been acting strange lately and I don't know whats going on
I am pregnant and my baby is eating its way up from the inside - Final: What's dead may never die
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Five)
Trump has Covid-19, but why would he admit to it? I’m worried.
We're not supposed to watch the local broadcast channel.
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good. (REMASTERED) (PART 1)
Empty
Home...Family...Cursed. part 1
Something knocks at my window at night
This Greyhound bus hasn’t stopped for days.
Mushroom hunting gone wrong
There is something in my room at night.
The Can Man
I Was Warned Not To Go Hiking With My Husband
I’ve Been at this Party for Way Too Long
The Stairs In The WoodMy nightmares about a place in my dreams that keeps popping up.
Beauty and the Wendigo
I received messages and now I'm scared" I received some messages and now I'm scared"
Social survival guide
The Things in the Woods Attacked my Town (Part 2)Martinsville  Herschell's song
To My old friend
The Horror in the Hotel
This is Important. (Part two)
please help me out!!!!
The PLH doesn't exist
Glory to the Righteous Chosen
The reason I never run in the dark or alone anymore.
HELLFUCK 2021: A DISEMBODYSSEY
I have a poop story to share.
I didn't become a park ranger to work in an office
There Is a Hidden Television Station
Smurfbin's Post history.
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 3)
What the public doesn't know about the Coronavirus.
The Great Wizard
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I have some stories to tell. Part two
Found a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell. (Part 2)
I found an AI on the dark web.
What if everyone in the world suddenly began staring at you, completely silent. Just a blank stare. Following you around like robots.
I Heard a Boy Buried Alive in the Ground
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong.
The Day That Laughter Died.
The Price.
Minecraft... No Mojang Is a Nightmare
The Deep Pt.1 The Call: By Jayden Gimenez
The Nadezdha Incident
The Hugger Of Death
Daycare duty with Karen.
Unknown
A word of advice: Going exploring with your friends is a bad idea
Invaders are chasing me (Part 3)
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But I Might Just End Up Like My Mother
The Mysterious Case of Terry Langston
I don't like Apples
The listener of my conversations
This place.
In 2006 I was arrested at my neighbor’s backyard BBQ and pool party bash with 2 pounds of marijuana.
Hitchhiker
I discovered a lost city underneath my house. The scourge of the Cardath people.
Stay away from gas stations if you value your life.
Why you shouldn't share your nightmares with anyone.
So, this is a post about my time as a custodian in my new district. Since I have a lot of free time due to COVID, i figured i’d drop a few.
In The Hands Of The Horned God
Confessions from a Place Called Smaltowne, Q.S.A.
31-03-2120 (entry #0)
**WARNING:PLEASE READ THIS SET OF RULES BEFORE YOU DIE**(Rule #1)
I need to believe, please help
My strange encounter with my ex.
The Beast of Thirskmoor (Part Two), FINAL
I accidentally threw up on my cat
Chores
The one house on the corner (warning fake story)
I dress up as Shaggy for kids parties, but Scooby Doo is really starting to freak me out
A Big, Wet Hole
I crash landed in the jungle. But I dont think this is the jungle.
Tales of a lonely security guard pt 6: town of horror
Paranormal Investigation-Part 2
The Tall-Skinny Ghost
Mother Roshka
I woke up to a phone call, the caller is still in my house looking for me.
Channel Negative 1
The Killer of Mahogany Village
I took my high to write something.
I saw a dead human for the first time in my life in a morgue
sammy
Father, Forgive Me
Ancestral Duties
Sleep paralysis (August 23, 2019)
The End is Near
In the Eye's of the Woods
This is not a joke
Sorry if this doesn’t belong here, but I’m looking for an old nosleep post and I was hoping to get some help
The entity on my bed!
*FIRST TIME* CRACKING EVERY PART of the Body! | ASMR OSTEOPATH / CHIROPRACTIC ADJUSTMENT
The Apocalypse Is Already Here
I used to hate my father, but now I regret.
I've seen something from another reality; it knows we exist now.
All is well at the Amazon warehouse!
My dad left me a note &amp; a warning!
I'm on a train through an alternate reality (Part 2)
Hoot
Ashes
Lying to my Tinder Date
My first paranormal experience
Helen
Something Happens To Rodents That I Can't Explain
When We All Fall Down: Prologue
I hitchhiked for the first time today and my driver took an unexpected turn...
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: A Trapper on the Noose
The Cactus Owlmen
There's something wrong with Mr. Scoopy's ice cream
Before she died, my grandmother confessed to me where she really came from. I almost believed her.
W: Shielded Casual UnderArmor Plans. H: caps
An incident on April Fools Day over 10 years ago still haunts my dreams to this day.
This is my life
I use to love my job until yesterday when I met him
I'm a detective and the case I'm working on is mysteriously sinister
I woke up in the middle of the night at my grandmother’s house.
I found an old bomb shelter in my great-grandfather's garden
The Prophecy
SOMETHING COMES INTO MY ROOM EVERY NIGHT
My childhood memories conflict with... Everything.
Do Not Summon Her!
Don't do jobs of the Deep Web Update
I see something before bad things happen. (Written somewhat on a true story)on a
I can’t see through the fog, nobody can, Part 2
I was driving down on an empty road...
What Lurks On The Back Roads Of Minnesota
I had to stop at a hotel for the night. It was one of the worst decisions I've ever made.
They haunt your dreams
Man outside my mother's window?!?
My hometown suffered a forgotten past: When children suddenly went missing, we discovered Rubik’s Cubes at the exact locations they were last seen.
I am afraid to sleep now...
Lanternhead
As well as we had a discussion.
Working at an amusement park: I passed out again
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea.
Krampus Der Nachtkopf
Pale Oaks
Seven Hundred Fifty Four
I'm looking for a story
People who saw the ghost as it was?
My husband was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. I'm worried for the both of us. PART 4
The Cede by The Formless and His Choir
Part 3: The scroll of Longinus - I tried to forget about the scroll , but someone traced the upload back to me
I got a pizza delivery order that I will never forget
I will grab you, I will rip you, I will eat you
There's a strange set of rules I have to follow in the place I just started working at.
The Burden Of Consciousness. The Gift of Ignorance. The Flesh of Faith.
What Happened to Dr. Gray?
Mother.
I tried a new drug called "Essence of Creation"
Night terrors or visions
My ganglion cyst tried to kill me
Project Hybrid part 1
One Overlaps the Other and the Cycles Continue
I was the leader of the biggest Australian drug operation ever, now I'm on the run...
Good night.
I don't want to be hear anymore...
I need help I think there's someone on the other side of my mirror...
I think I might be pregnant. Thing is, I'm a guy.
I received an emergency alert that said I'd been abducted
The Man Who Ate Swans
I am a virtual “you”
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail (part 3)
Christmas Eve, I was a full-time hitwoman. Now, I'm officially retired.
The TV is Watching Me part 1
Objects Moved at Night
Exhuming Sarah
This one tab doesn't want to close...
Miscellaneous things
Spooky rool list
I met the Eagle Of Zeus at a Denny's.He had a message that he asks me to share.
Someone tries to kill me everyday... (Part 3)
Weird Thuds??? Answers?
Dad Was A Stamp Collector
In a loop
The Void Expedition, Days 1-4
There's something seriously wrong in my city, and it's just not the crime.
You’ll Never be as Good as Earl
The blue Contingency - Part 1
John
Me and my friend saw a ghost at the same time and nobody else did
I’ve been having terrible memory lapses.
Beware the 2020
The Catholic Church Kept The Most Haunting Secrets
Never meditate unsupervised, you'd never know where you'd go.
Dude theaters are spooky
During My Investigation I Discovered A Creature I Can't Explain, Pictures Included (Final Update)
One Step Behind. Part One.
I saw a ghost of my brother, but he's alive
Late Night
Prison im working at have been preparing for something big, part 1
I'm volunteering at my old middle school. The job came with a very strange "code of conduct". (Part 2)
The black terror of night incarnate
I think multiple people are stalking me.
I recorded what I said in my sleep
Having trouble sleeping? Read my Circular Motion Theory that explains the Singularity, Gravity, Black Holes and Time. It should bore you enough to put you to sleep.
Tinder profile
diary entry xx/xx/xx91
I was trying to play music at night
This Hospital is Weird... (pt. 1)
I Received A Strange Letter in the Mail
The Oscar Mayer Hot-dog Secret
Ghost in the Machine
I'm serving 60 hours of community service cleaning my local park, there's something terrifying here...
The House Keeper
Not too worried about it but I thought it was interesting enough
Don't stop at the Rest Area on US-23 just outside Carey, Ohio after dark. There's something out there.
The Stacks
What I Deserve
The Horned Man: Part 2: I think I’m being followed
Dating sucks.
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. The interview is where it all started.
Do you remember this kids show about a husky?
Aftermath
Unexpected guests? Cannot calm myself
I’m fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people - 1 hour ago
A normal man.
My team and I raided an old building that should not exist. We've reached the end of our road.
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 4)
Mother Knows Best
My expertise in linguistics came back to haunt me
It was supposed to be the best day of my life
they were gone
The Lego Man Took my Mom
The Fear Monger
Tag
I left my tampon in for way too long. But where is it?
There’s something in my walls.
Grandpa, Tell Me a StorySuperMarket Memoirs 4: Slippery When Wet
Isabel's Promise
Looking for one story. It was about a woman who accepted a baby sitter job, but the baby was actually some short guy. Anyone know which one this is?
I’m a 911 Dispatcher and Just Got In Way Over My Head (Part 1)
Sup BroMine
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows. Help.
I know you are reading this
"Olgoi Khorkhoi"
Reverse Vampire 15: Checkpoint Reload
Does Anyone Else Have This Issue?
My dead mother at Disney World
Their deaths are my fault.
I think we just became part of a new ecosystem
I am a local biologist in my town. I believe the recent swarm of freshwater eels is due to something sinister.
I noticed the car was following me a long time before it actually started to worry me.
The Proper Way to Grieve.
Ghost caught on ring camera?
There's No Such Thing As Ghosts
Monsters Aren't Real
My sister is a model, and her agency did something to her (PART ONE)
Run rabbit.
I'm a camgirl and one of my clients is creeping me out (Part 2)
Sunshine
Choose ur own Adventure X
I Found A Bizarre and Unsettling Medical Journal in My Deceased Father's Possessions
you have to love family inheritance
My scary story
Shadow People, Part 1
I believe I am being held against my will.
I'm a former 911 operator, and this call terrified me
I took a job as a mall security guard- And got some very specific rules! (Part 1)
I Found a Stranger In A Bridge (Pt. 2)
I just wanted a friend
The Sky is Quite Hungry
Someone has been filming movies in my house
Friday the 13th - Full Moon
What i saw in the god forsaken place of the internet
Diary Of A Female Creep
The Cleaning Crew
The glitch on my phone showed me we are all living a lie
Seeing The Devil When I Was 5 Years Old
ARDENT SAVIOR
The Slime Mold that Ate a Town
Our company creates and raise creatures, and I got a typewriter.
Camp Newborn
My grandma told us a story and 15 years later I can't sleep at night
Im Coming Sweetheart...
You've heard of hell, I bartended there for a night. Let me tell you, its not what you think. Part 2
It just showed up one day
Lambs of God
I'm a military sergeant, and my team and I are in serious trouble.
this is my first story and the first part of 2 part story. (this is my first be gentle )
Priest's lighthouse part 2
My morning commute did not go as I expected
Have you heard about spktr?
My grandmother is not who I think she is...
I'm afraid to check behind my shower curtain.
Inception is real, and my sleep paralysis has control of it.
Why the hell was Craig pricked? Part 3
Please put me on the do not call list
Between the Boxes - Cross to Bear
My Friends And I Explored Abandoned Tunnels, They Never Came Back Out
I Don't Do Art Comissions Anymore
Cedar oaks street
I'm not strong enough. Hopefully you are.
An intrusive friend
I think my daughter is raising the dead (part two)GENERATION Z- in my opinion majority of them complete waste of space
The mirror in my bedroom
The stay...
Innocent toys
Statues are appearing in my town and people are going missing -final
My, 35M, girlfriend, 25F, never peels her fruit
Trying to find a story about Death helping you escape from going into another life
I work at a loading dock, tonight we're getting a mysterious load
It wasn't mice scratching in the walls
No sleep gang
Someone is after me. Or rather... "Something" is after me
How Close Are We?
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual.
Is this normal...?
You Should Press Play
Upgrade
How do I know if you are real?
Why did Jeremy Drucker spend Christmas alone in the bathroom?
An Act of Passion
I Was a Counselor at Camp Redfern. There's a Reason We Shut Down Early Last Summer.
Something On The Hill
Re-Starting (Parts 1-3)
After he died, he contacted me exactly the way he said he would.
HST: 10:00 AM / WIB: 3:00 AM
A Killer Joke
Playing With Tarot Cards
Whatever you do, don't take off your masks, and don't go outside if you hear these sounds. Sounds included.
The Harrowing Spectral Hag
Welcome to the Crimson Lake Hotel.
I Live In A Town of 500 People, I'm the Last One Left
I’m Sure My Supermarket is Violating Health Codes
If I'm Not On The Road, The "Rules of the Road" Can't Get Me
December 2nd, 2020
"The Players Ship"
The ghost of Nairobi
The Creepiest Dream I Ever Haf
Serving in the US Army PART 2.8563924
what the hell is going on?
The Shimmer Witch Fell in Love with Me and She's Insanely Jealous
The Girl of Forgotten Soul Forest
The face that comes with the wind
Horror stories with instructions
It tried to suffocate me !!!
I'm A Night Janitor For A Haunted Elementary School
My next door neighbor is a MILF- update
I Know the Real Reason Why Dr. Disrespect Was Banned From Twitch, and It's Worse Than You Could Ever Imagine
Guy tries to trick my father...
Kill me if you can
I am in hell
The time my father came upon an illegal horse farm
“Forbidden places in the woods,” by M.C. Allen
My personal demon
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours part 3
My cat keeps bringing fingers home.
Perspective
My friend is undergoing metamorphosis. I'm scared, but Kafka would be pleased.
Audio Logs
Someone else is living in my house and they are trying to drive me crazy
A figure of blood and knife
Doll Named Daro
A hacker is stalking me. PART 1
My first murder victim
Ever been back to your favourite place as a child?
I knew living in the basement was the bad idea but it was just so irresistible.
Fortune-Telling (Part I)
I thought he was only in my head...
The Darkest Corner of the Lot
18 Saal Ki Pooja Ko Choda | Hindi Adult Stories | Indian Desi Sex ki Kahani | Gandi Baat - 01
It's so cold
My mother and I aren’t all that different.
I used to work at McDonalds
Sky Turtle Tours ch3
Never Stay Home Alone
The Raid
Foxes in the hen house part 2
My real-life "Cabin in the Woods" experience
The Destroyed House In The Woods
Kids in the woods
I've been struggling for a while. Now that I've been caught I don't know what to do?
my dad is a hitman (part 1)
The dirt hole
my visions curse me
Reunion at Cape Errago
yourfaceyourporn.mov
After Jane Part 1
Issue 237
Avoid that house at all costs.
Epshot
A Few Interesting Things
flat eyes
I live in a complex that keeps strange beings away from society. I was captured and the warden's daughter visited me. (Part 4)
I’m a fishing and rafting guide in Patagonia. A few weeks back, I killed a beast the world thought was extinct.
Big Green Tree
GYROMANCY - PATIENT RECORD FG1913980
You see the Mark
Leia as Regras antes de ver este filme
I regret shifting to that house....
The girl in the chair
Person In The Park
My Life is a Paranormal Hot Spot (pt 2)
Everybody loves Fall
I shouldn't of escaped that night (PART 1)
There's Something Following My Family and I
I inherited a house from my great-uncle, but something doesn't seem right. Part 2
I see a woman staring at me through a window everyday.
My dreams are coming true and it’s horrible
Don’t Touch the Walls
I keep dreaming about a door that shouldn’t exist, and now I’m afraid to fall asleep
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART NINE (9) (FINALE)
I live in a haunted house in the middle of nowhere (Part 1?)
My roommate doesn’t have a reflection.
I Don’t Go In The Basement At Work Anymore
The Lunar Fortress - BREACH - Part 12
If you consider buying the new Horror/RPg game
The doorbell rang at 3:33am but no was there.
I found my dad's secret tape collection. He wasn't the man we thought he was.
Uncle Rizzo lets me watch as he kills people
its always the strangers rules
In Our Town
There Aren't Any Apples in September
The rules to survive a day in my home
A Familiar Sight
I should have never moved to Tennessee... Part 1
Aura Decay
Today I met the man who has been haunting my dreams for 15 years...
Don't leave meat outside Lilly
Tap...tap...tap... Pt. 1, may continue if able to...
My first attempt at a scary story
Lad's night.
Don't Forget to Plant the Roses
My first ghost
A Cool Treat On a Hot Day
Encounter with the poop Lord
The cell has been breached.
Not Exactly Human... (Part 2)
It's too close. They still can't see.
LifeCubed.exe
Only the strong survive
I tried to kill myself two years ago and I think I succeeded (Part 3)
License and Grey Matter Please
Something lives in our air vents. It wants my son. -- Part 2
Mr. Dodgers' Neighborhood
It's Him Again.
The confession of a good man
The girl in the white dress
A guy jumped from a building but found himself locked in a room, I somehow got hands on his journal....
The saw mill.
The wind in the willows | part 1
My fiancée wrote a cookbook before she ate herself to death. Her final words were "I tasted that good?"
Suicide runs in my family, but not in the way you’d expect.
My Dead Son Has Been Brought Back—At The Expense Of My Wife
The 5th Rule of Babysitting
2:00 am
Grandmothers treasure
There is something in the wendy house
Under the Minaret
new discord for 4am people
The Ancient
The "fake" ghost
Is anybody there?
On my 18th birthday my mom showed me what heaven looked like
My vacation shack has some weird rules...
Clown Sightings
Mixed Omens Bring Mixed Sales
Help! Find a video!
I wished I could live a different life - that mistake has cost me (1/2)
The TV Room
Cabin fever hits twice as hard when you're being held captive
Dreams for Sale - Part 1
Validation of a Ghost Adventure
I saw something amazing I wish I didn’t part 2
THE BEGINNING
The Missing
the first time that I died by freddegran on reddit
If you find a phone number on the wall of a bar-bathroom, don’t call it.
I'm Locked in But the Light will Die Soon
The Screamers
This is your last chance to save a checkpoint! |SAVE| |CANCEL|
the reason why I stopped walking home from school
The Alberta Bus Incident
I Exorcise Demons For a Living. My High School Bully is About to Be Murdered by One.
I put my Spotify playlist on shuffle.
Are nights hard for you too?
Ode to One Night Stands
An Arm and a Leg
I keep finding strings and now I know where they came from
She Feast on the Careless Ones
What it really means to be immortal.
I had a stalker for 10 years
They will survive. But will I?
Half a year ago, I awoke at a ritual site...
Santa gave me something that MADE ME SUICIDEChanging
I saw something that can't be seen.
Ho. Ho. Ho. (Part one)
Follow-Up Appointments
The Ghosts in my house
Campus Cultists
A Late Night Run
bitácora del bunker día 1
Basement Stories
I can become a "werewolf", but not unless I'm crying real tears
Ignore this lol
Family Guy-Good day
Found a family members diary...
My Friend's Creepy Story (Part One)
Twisted cock water
The Cannibal In The Dark
I have two footsteps left to live.
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 7)
I stumbled in the backrooms
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
When Should You Be Concerned For Your Friend?
I'm sure you've noticed it, I have too..
Thank you for saving me.
Seeing the same ghosts before you die?
Hey there, BOY!
Tales from the Pollack
ALL THEY DO IS SMILE
Bloodlust
The giggles
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 3)
Please turn your Snapchat location off. Long story short..I could’ve diedI found a puppet that looks just like me.
From hell and back.
Mardi Gras ended two weeks ago but I saw a strange parade last night
I think my Game Master is killing off members of my tabletop group
March 2020 Voting Thread
Hello there, it's been awhile.
PLEASE HELP: I Don't Know What's Going On
Hawaii (Part 2 soon)
Siren Head Encounter
Something strange is happening in the mall by my house...and it all started with pokemon go...(Pt 2)
My new apartment is driving me mad.
The Crash
The Wonderful Life of Roger
I can see everything that comes and goes on my street
Looking for explanations
Scout Camp
When Mom left me home alone, I thought something bad was going to happen. The bad things didn't start until she returned. (Part 2)
The Golden Grin Creature.
Why I Regret Going to the Dark Web....
So I'm gonna start posting my sleep paralysis episodes... And this is the worst one to date
My wishes come true after all
My sister has been leaving me concerning voicemails (final)
A record of all the strange and horrific events in Black Dog Lake
Crazy company kills a man
Stream of Philosophical Thought
The Reprobate
I dreamed of monsters part 2 of 2
I hated school
Devil On Her Back
I got a distress signal from somewhere in another universe.
This Book Keeps Appearing in My Dream and I Read It and I Regret It
StoplightEcclesiastes
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After four weeks in the Asylum, I starting to understand what's going on hereThe happiest place on earth is dying - Part 4
Paranormal Studies and Observations Group
Partner is Laughing and Whispering During Sleep
I have been not been able to sleep these last few nights and when I do Go to bed earlish I get bittersweet dreams
I don’t think I’ll ever sleep with my girlfriend ever again.
That basement is living. Each room just gets weirder and weirder. PART I
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 8
My Wife Died and Now She Won’t Let Me Go
The weight that crushed me
I Recently Got A Job At A Toystore, but the Rules I Was Given Almost Made Me Quit. Almost.
I work at a zoo, last night an animal broke into one of the enclosures.
The Burned Photo
My roommate in room 502
A Strange Holodomor-Time Tale From My Grandmother's Old Journal
scariest house
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
10 was her magic number
The Hand
I don't know why I'm here
The Old Creepy Woman Next Door.
Magic Weight Loss Pill
On these mounds of rock and madness
I am the DreamBot M-3. I Protect You From All Nightmares. However, There Is Something Lurking.
Delusion Isn't Always the Worst Option
My Stranger and Meant
My principal spared my life. I wish he hadn’t (Part 2)
It was her
Small iPods
I think I became a medium
Unethical life pro tip: how to get home when you've missed the last train
I catfished my cousin. I will never look at him the same way again.
I walked into my bathroom at around 4AM to find someone standing immobile facing the wall inside
The Lights (part two)
Last night, I recorded a thunderstorm in my backyard. Something's wrong with the footage. (Pt. 3)
I’m seeing and hearing things that I hope aren’t there
I just graduated from medical school, and I think the dead patients are coming back to haunt me
The stranger at the club.
Michelle Reinhart of the Toronto Police is my abuser. She is one of many. Violence towards women needs to stop.
The Seeds Of No Tomorrow || WARNING:: EXTREME GORE AND BAD LANGUAGE!
Auto Complete
Bringing back the dinosaurs was a terrible idea.
15 hours to Dubai
Tooth &amp; Nail - I broke into an abandoned building and soon realised I wasn't alone. (Part 3)
I am not a serial killer, but i got fantasies like one!
I woke up in a lab, what I found horrified me
arya jump flying and killing the night king in a videogame-esque scene this ending the others before they can leave the north and have any influence whatsoever on the story leaving cersei and comedy pirate euron as villains in a fight for the throne doing wrong with the central message of the story
The Walking Dead aren't cute
A Cryptid Hunted Me In The Appalachians
Welcome to Endscreek
Strange experiences from childhood #2
Anarchy
I stayed in a haunted hotel room, I think the spirit is following me
The past few weeks, I have been bothered by a late night visitor. I'm getting closer to figuring out what it is.
My Right Hand Man
I was hopeless before I found my mission (Part 1)
My Dog Vanished Three Years Ago. He Came Back, But I Don’t Think It’s Him
Friends in High Places
There's Something Very Off about The New Maid that we Smuggled Into Our Home...
i accidentally skinned myself alive via hangnail.
Prome's Reports: The Curse of Oizys
I found a man who has been missing since 2012. I think I have to quit my job.
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal
The Hard Drive
The Winter Armageddon (part 1)
Some things to know about the 51st State
Tales of a lonely security guard part 10: The toilet incident
I'm sorry. I hope I don't go to hell.
Okay, I think a haunting was placed on me? And I need advice, this is really happening so please, help. The flair, is only for a specific paragraph. Which I have marked a seperate warning on, and the rest is safe to read!
The Meds.
I love you. :)
Teacher takes me to Husband's Morgue
My worst nightmare
The dressing table
There is a place much worse than the Dark Web.
Steadfast in the Forest of the Night
How I Made My Own Jerry.
Secret in the Roman ruins
The Abandoned Children
My dad (2)
The Ranat
Help me... Please
Theres present on my kitchen table
It’s Called the Punctum Caecum
I'm just writing. Writing writing writing
When one person's mind is hateful enough, one of us are completed (Final part)
Today is the anniversary of one of the most bizarre church burnings in history, but the Pope refuses to release the details to the public.
Nana taught me to cover the mirrors when someone dies
The video game
The Seven Birds
Drug user on edge of suicide (Probably last post)
Dude!!!!
The Locked Room
September 23rd, 2020
Codex Lazarus
Wrong car
I probably should've listened to the realtor's warning
Does anyone know this organization?
Tree Man (Part One)
There is a red door on my basement something else lives on my town
A game of hide and seek
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 4)
Take A Hike Down Memory Lane
Dear Diary, They're All Dead
My Girlfriend was born a demon... I never had a chance...
They followed me home and now my family Is gone!! Part 1
The House That Jack Built Episode 1
I Had a Family
The symptoms
Repeat, I Can't Sleep.
I had some unwelcome guests the other night, and I hoped it was just a dream.
The puppy in the basement.
I am a therapist working on board a private military submarine. Something is seriously going wrong down here.
Pulling Teeth
I Need Help Finding Some Antique Christmas Ornaments
The last message
Don't go into the woods out after dark
The Creatures in Algonquin Park Look Very Different After Dark
The curse
Let the trees whisper sweet nothings. Stop them when these start making sense.
Ways to die during a zombie apocalypse
My memories of Easter
Brother Attacked.
Return to 'Return to Oz
I Have to Kill Myself So That I Don't Kill Myself
Magical Number
Conversatie ciudata cu o pers pe Omegle
No Sleep Family Ghosts
My Hometown Had Rules: Recovery
Curse of Eternal Darkness
Hiking Alone
beauty is pain
The Black Silo
My darkweb Experience
We Landed a Drone on The North Sentinel Island
I get very confused sometimes
I'm A Violent Bloodthirsty Siren and I Eat Dumb Girls Like You
#1. The K*****b**h Horror House (and other spooky and unexplained tales from Hyderabad, IN)
It is June and there are kids lining up to see a mall Santa
Today, I saw my mom and dad kissing in the kitchen
10 Days in Isolation (26/M)
I think I died, my colleague is dead and you could be next.
Tales From A Lonely Motel 5
The Ghost that watches you sleep !!
Parrot's perch
I saw Santa Claus last year, now I’m terrified for the 25th
I inherited a pub in the city, it came with some issues.
Brian’s trip to insanity
Is Google always listening?
The Black Death
Penance (Part 1)
He sees you when you’re sleeping. (Chapter One).
I Run A Pub For Monsters - The Harrow Inn
Army of Sharks
My Imaginary Friend Came Back 15 Years Later. I Really Wish He Hadn't.
Old Neighborhood but New Girls are Always Dangerous
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong
The Solstice Sing Along
I work on a fishing trawler in the North Atlantic. We reeled something aboard in the net that I’ve never seen before on this Earth.
After falling down the elevator shaft, I was surprised I didn't die.
My Mom Checks In On Me When I Sleep
The house on Dreary lane (part 2)
Sandcastles Don’t Have Eyes
The welcome packet from my new job worries me
Race Day, on Mushrooms!
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 2)
I was brainwashed my whole life, now I’m finally free (follow up)
Don't mess with demon related rituals.
I discovered a 1,200-year-old manuscript in a monastery library. What it says still haunts me.
The Gah - ree - lo
The baby won't stop crying, and I don't know what to do
Jötunheimr
Falsing
Strange Boy
He was standing over me, with his pale face...
I know where all these rules come from
The Empty Room Part 1
Baby Blues
Something is under the gym bleachers...
Murders Of The Midnight Rider
We called him the Wizard (Final)
I'm The Killer
My friend saved me, now I have to kill him (Part 1)
His death was as spectacular as his tricks
They Wander The School Halls
The Angel Repairman
Something is wearing my sister's skin
It is currently June 28th 1994 and the government told us to NOT LOOK AT THE MOON.
Something happened to my friend and I don't know what to do
Hold Your Breath
Witch living in my house and I need help please I’m really not sure if she’s good or bad anymore
Kakurenbo
I fully take no responsibility
I just got back from the mall, I don't want to go back
Horses
My fictional character goes to my college
Decode this story please
Does Anyone Remember Camp Castlewood?
My family's bucket burden.
The Social Experiment - Final
The play murder
Following
He Wanted The Face (My First Creepy Pasta)
The Girl That Came Into Our Classroom
Don't accept jobs in the morgue
UCO Haunts
This is why I never visited my ancestral village again...
The Girl With the Umbrella
That Time I Tried To Kill Myself
My Daughter Has a Disturbing and Deadly Talent
Gia đình là cái gốc
The Holder of Knowledge
A Voice Message from Dr P
How I Face My Daily Battles.
There are 3 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Gluttony is the act of digging a grave with your own teeth.
My grandfather's would get drunk and tell war stories. This one stayed with me!
I went on a hunting trip but I think we're the ones being hunted
Ghost Bro
Plae Place
My estranged brother...
A Bloody Christmas
Eden
Our village used to make the most delicious but most peculiar pear juice in the world
THE COSMIC BEYOND PART TWO: THE COSMIC GUARD
3days straight without sleep
My Last Hope
I'm a cop in Boston and the things I've seen keep me awake at night (Pt. 1)
I did it...
My reflection was consumed.
Priest's lighthouse part 2.
In the modern world, everything is bad with society
Please someone give me advice. I need help and i dont know who else to ask
Kid saw something in the bush
All of Them Witches: Nightbird (Part Three)
Never Donate Your Kidney
I got pulled up onto the wrong boat
When one door closes, another door opens…
The Klein Murders, the Mr. Cheerful set (Part 1)
Days at The Fryer Joint
The Story of What Happened After I Inherited My Late Grandfather's Mansion
I Was Sent To Hell For A Day, If I Survive, I'll Be Revive
Feeling Something is Better Than Nothing
Earth received a message from Proxima Centauri last year. It was made classified, but I cannot in good conscience keep it a secret.
Sunshine Motel- Part 2- An Update
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 2
Can anyone help me with a project (no sleep)
I think my mom kidnapped my dad and I’m too afraid to ask him (UPDATE)
How to Gain Six Inches in Less Than 24 Hours
I never wake up for the scratching at my door.
My Last Post
Something is very wrong
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. One of the regulars never stops crying.
Creepy dude.
Lady in white I’ve been ignoring for years almost mentally broke me. Part 1/2Clinton Road
The unknown basketball court
I Joined a Sorority and Learned why the Sisters are Always So Close
That big hole in our backyard (Part 2)
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Fear No Evil (Part 1)"
I woke up with a pain in my arm
"I seen it too"
The Witch on Main Street.
The Greener Grass
Decent.
A secret was being kept from me. . .
The lonely hiking trip. (Part 1)
I've made a mistake, and I need help.
Can anyone suggest any horror stories? I will give silver to the best one.
Netflix Just Bought the Rights to an r/Nosleep Horror Story
The Army has a new weapon, and I have to kill it.
My cousin hasn't contacted anyone in my family since he went to his honeymoon, then I was sent this.
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland... and a congregation has awakened from the deep
10/20/19
Crawler
The Sacrifice of Being a Good Parent
The Silence of Autumn
A dark place
One Source of Light (Part 2)
Where do you go when you sleep?
The Mare
Gandpa's Worksheds
Help, they are after me!
Heard knocking on my front door at 3am
Bestfriends
Don’t know if it belongs here but...
The man in my closet
My friend lives in the mountains and I finally found him
My grandfather receives constant calls from telemarketers; I’m not sure they are the only ones calling.
In 1961, Russian scientists have made the first teleporter, the Americans are trying to abuse it.
All Saint's Day
I'm on a train through an alternate reality. I hope this diary will keep me sane.
are you okay?
Antagonists Anonymous
The boy who knocked
Julia
It was in the shadows
We tour the country playing the devil's music. Last week he finally showed up.
Remember to say hello when you enter and bye when you leave and do not do a bad job part 2
First weekend of Church Camp, 1990's
The forest
I Mastered The Cello
The Big Platchki of 1854 PART I - HIDING
I have 5 rules to follow in my new house, and the are pretty weird.
My experience with insomnia
Ggggg
Dear stranger,
Groogs
A Child's Laugh
The witch and the egg
The Red Maiden: Grace's story
I kill monsters
My cemetery is getting weirder...
My mom won't stop turning off my radio.
I Lost My Dog in a Blizzard
Why I’ll never buy a Bath Bomb again
"I" doesn't refer to me here, i saw this in a comment on instagram and made a few edits. It's supposedly true...
Stuck in a nightmare
Time to share what I've kept for myself.
They Took Mars
How to Make Your Life More Interesting
If someone needed a confession.
there is a new path in the forest.
I Am a Dark Angel
Rosy Skipping Bunnies
I think my bus driver is going to kill me and every one on the bus
Hiking the Wild Orwen trail
dOnt TeLl
My Imaginary Friend Is Keeping Secrets From Me
'Secret Passage"
The river...The river...
My friend called me in a panic last night crying, when I arrived he told me about the man whispering my name in his ear - Part 1
Recycled Pumpkin Guide
Quarantine has turned our roommate into something, and we're stuck inside with it.
I was almost shot by a hysterical woman
There's a monster in my closet
😨
How long have I been here?
Two Words
Lemmings
I Forgot Why I Hate Christmas.
I see figures daily
My Best Friend Died When We Were Children. It's Ten Years Later, And She's Clawing At My Window.
My God. What have I done?
Voiding Call
The Sounds of The Void (Part 1)
Sweet Daniel's Disturbing Drawings
Quarantined
Wolves Howl When They Hear The Bells Of Venice
DON'T. PEEK. THROUGH. THE. HOLE.
Jerry
Weird calls and voicemails
When she learned to look up
This is a long story, but has ANYBODY ever heard of “The Reject’s Room”?
My uncle turned to me for happiness and *sexual* favours.
A Warning From a Night Mara
There Used to Be a Town Called Fuchsia, Kansas (Story 1, ChronsConservative's Pasta Universe)
That kid
What if?
I am not afraid to say, my sister is crazy
It's Halloween night and my next bus is 4666
Hackles
Hidden Moments
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to a Serial Killer (Final)
The Inheritance
There is Something Unnatural In the Mississippi River
Daddy, Come Get Me...
Have You Seen "The Shadow Beasts"
Sometimes, silence is worse
His name was Mr. Promises
Blue eyes at night: Never look at them
What really happened in this house 3
Living Earth
A black figure started to appeared around me and it won't leave
This is a Confession to the Murder or Matthew Vincent
Carnaval de Almas
Thunder Bird
Memoires of a Controlled Domme
I will NEVER work night shifts again
i´m not human, ;) proof here
I Woke Up and the World Was Empty
I’m Haunted By the KigatilikRamsie Pt. 1
Cafe Flesh
The Horror Of My Aunt's House
The Underside: The Chaos Lord
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life
My boyfriend friend tried to kidnap me
I recently found my missing Tulpa, I am now preparing to kill her.
I can't tell if I'm dreaming
I Never Take Ubers or Lyfts Alone, Especially Not at Night
I'm about to be clean for the first time in half a week. Let me tell you just how 'dirty' I've gotten.
Something horrifying happened to me in a McDonald's drive-through
WHOSE TREASURE - a new card game
Who the Hell Would Bury a Mannequin in the Woods?
Rotten kids.
If you want to find the gateway to Hell, just look for the smokestack at Hell Holler Hollow
A Psycho Mama Attacked Us On Halloween Night
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 12) Final
I work at a drug testing facility and there is something wrong with the volunteers in Room 301
The woman in the forest keeps calling out to me and my group of friends. It has happened multiple times now.
Has Anyone Noticed the Moon is Getting Bigger?
Traditional MLM
Memento Mori
Please Leave Native American Ruins Alone
I Live in A Town That Doesn't Exist: Sunny Friends (Part 1)
The Door in the Mountain
I live in a strange jungle of pod dwellers &amp; I watched one of them die today..
The Soul Train Broke The Rules
The Weather Never Changes
All The Ones You'll Never Hear About
My descend into madness
My Dream Demon keeps getting closer.
I may have gotten a glimpse at humanity's end.
I fell out of a roller coaster - I’ve no idea where the hell I am ... Part 1
Mommy Dearest
Mail from hell
I’m so sorry (part 2)
Grandma’s Doll
My sister came back from the dead
I work for the S.C.P Foundation, somethings not right about this faciltiy.
What the hell is going on
There is a field behind my house.
Why am I a kid named Jake?
Murders on pinewood
I lost my eyes in an accident. Then I started seeing things.
There’s a dead body in my garden
The Ghost on 3rd Avenue
I picked up a hitchhiker on the back roads of Wyoming. His duffel bag of souvenirs smelled putrid.
The Late-Night Creature Feature in Pompeii, Indiana
The Woman In the Blue Coat
My house is haunted
I am not my body
Did anyone ever use realpeoplegames.com?
This is a true story that happened to me a few months ago, but it still haunts me to this day. (This story does in fact seem like a stretch and I understand. It still frazzles me to this day.)
My sister is pulling a year long prank on me. But she refuses to admit anything.
The animal's noises drew me to madness.Something is making me sick and I can't escape
Buddha Bless me Buddha Bless you- by Jonathon Hills
A Trip to the Beach
I'm glad I said no
Winter Weather Advisory Warning
The Black Scarecrow, or With The Lights Out It's Less Dangerous
I wish there were ghosts here...
I’m a patient in a psychiatric hospital. Something is very wrong here.
A travelers eyes opened
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 9
I lost a friend five years ago. Now she has returned.
A scary sexual encounter Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror media content...
The Jungle
Killing for Cookies
I Am A Research Scientist At a Secret Facility, What We Made Ended The World.
Astral Projection isn't safe.
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. Last night my survival was threatened.
A Private Number (scene 2)
Ticks
Voices
My sixth sense saved us both that night.
I'm a Zoologist and I've Found Something Strange - Part III
Little Dead Nancy
The labyrinth game
There's a celestial body in my basement. I use it to light my cigarettes.
A peculiar midday rendezvous
Don't look for me.
I only ever loved one of my children
Place
Haunted Tales from Woodgrove High
Remember to throw your towels after 9 months
I went camping and what happened scarred me for the rest of my life part2
Help, I'm lost and can't remember my name!
Somebody woke me up. I live alone.
Not Everyone has good intentions
Sleep Disorder
I ignored the warnings of the stairs in the woods (Part 1)
I broke up with my first boyfriend and I'm finally moving on
Have You Ever Felt You Were Being Watched?
Transplant
I can't put my phone down. The horrorrrr!! The end.
My dad's a murderer (almost a serial killer)
He won’t leave me alone
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Attending a party
There's always been something deeply unsettling about ballet.
There's a Zombie on your lawn.
We found an uncharted island in the Arctic Ocean and now we're stranded here. (Part 1)
I Broke Them and Now I'm Probably Gone (Final)
Fresh out of prison, I took a job as a night shift janitor and have been experiencing some strange things...
We’ve been hunted by a monster for weeks.
I can see lost things.
I purchased a new house and there are some rules which I have to follow.
I Had a Breakthrough Today in Therapy.
Some of my dads sad stories (1 of 3)
Mi familia no eran lo que yo creía
𝒇𝒂𝒎𝒊𝒍𝒚
The Pale Ones - My First Time Spelunking (Part 1)
The Time My Harley Went Missing
My husband is dying. I hope.
Why we sleep
A Post From The Past And Future
There Was Something In The Trenches With My Great-Grandfather During World War I
Mila. Part 1 The video and the bedroom.
sixth sense: my four strongest experiences.
The Things in the Woods Attacked my Town (Part 2)
Its just a toy
We run from the sons of the storms of New Zealand, on a desperate mission to save our families.
I don't think my girlfriend is...something is wrong with her. I have to stop her before it's too late.
I NEED HORROR STORIES HELP
It
Devil incarnate
My son went missing 6 months ago, Only his teddy bear came back
CHILDHOOD HORROR: My Scariest Experience/s, as a Child
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, My Sins have caught up with Me
The revenge of the afterlife.
An old friend of mine signed up for a vaccine trial and I think she might be in trouble.
These Knocks are Driving Me Insane
Mother of Pearl
The Snip
Anyone ever feels like they are being chocked while sleeping and you are just trying to make sound and call your parents but no words come out from your mouth. And all of sudden you wake up sweating and thinking was it a dream or a reality?
Poof.
Why I am wary of taking road trips at night.
Dolls revenge
Pixel Perfect XP An Excellent Custom Android ROM for Older Devices
He titled it, Purpose
Number 43
Why I do not like the London subway
What's your scary camping story
A nightmare inside a nightmare A nightmare inside a nightmare I don’t know if the belongs here so I will just post isn’t it weird when your dream feels soo real your like this is real and then you wake up and your too afraid to go back to sleep
Mamenchisaurus
Tinder Date from is from Hell, I think.
Creepy Cabin in the woods | Part 1
The Beast that Haunts Me: Part Two
I no-clipped into the b B̷̨͉͖̱͇̟̥̥̩̺̕ ̷̨̡̨̩̱̬̣͐̐͜Á̶͚͎̮͙̊͂̌̈́ ̸̤̻͓͎̫̳̃̈́̉̎̉̅͝ͅC̶̦̮̺̱̣̠͓͔̳͌́̚ ̷̰̹̣͊̂͂K̶͈̔̈́̀̋̓̐ͅ ̵̢̪̜̮̲̠̮̗̥̱̈́̎͊̏̈́̐̍̋Ṟ̸̢̙͕̗͇͎́̈͌͒́̓̀̈́̕ ̵̛̛̤̌͛̑̔O̴̝͐́͋͘͝͠ ̶̧͚̥̱̣̣̈́͛͋̓̍̐̆̔͝O̶͙̖̔̀̅͘̕ ̴̱̩̼͈̈́̒͛̉͋́̿̍M̶̧̧̺̺̞͈͈̗̬̯̃̇͊̄͗ ̵̢̧͙̟̘̞͕͍͒̾ͅS̴̨͖̲̜̒͊̏͂͊͊ by accident, now I’m stuck.
I'm trapped in an elevator with four other people. It's been descending for an hour now. Please make sure my family sees this.
All never walk that track or any other again.
My grandma found a doll In her room when she was a kid and still has it!!
yes
Piggy pig creepypasta
Take a good nap
The Beheader......
The Walls Talked to Her at Night
there's something called "the void"
The Flowers at my Doorstep Pt.2
My BFF sold her soul Part 2
My perfect little angel, who never cries!
My siblings are planning something
My Mom Needs Your Help
My Father was Killed by a Cult . . . I Hunted them Down. (Final Part)
DARK MATTER. *1
In rural British Columbia pt. 1
(serious) True Story, not fake like the other ones here
A new house appeared in the neighborhood.
Donborough Creek
Really bad indigestion.
Lilitu
The Redlight Bar
You Have One (1) New Message
Dear Louis, Im sure you have seen the missing posters
The Holder of Eternityl
I Evaluate Criminals For Insanity Defense. Nothing could have prepared me for this woman.
I’m a serial killer and I saw something I could never unsee.
The Kitten
I woke up inside a room. This room should not exist.
Hello, how are you?
I’m a visiting nurse
Beware, breaking the rules may result in death.
Siren head
I’m a Doctor practicing rural medicine. I have some strange patients. Part 2.
Hoowai Corp. Human Instinct and Behavioral Research Facility: Patient File #0015
The River Man
My imaginary friend used to hit me
I found a box while doing clean up at my local state park. I really wish I hadn't.
I rejected him....
“Never Sleep When Your Feet Are Centered Towards the Door"
She Wouldn't Hurt A Fly
I goofed off at work and the consequences of breaking the rules have proven terrible.
WHAT IF I LOOKED BACK
An idea for a horror game that I decided to post here.
repeat
I accidentally clicked a murderer’s video...
Sleeping Hell
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
I have died before I can do it again
Fate's Prison
Always remember that second step.
Do not trust them
The man in my house
The Wara
Until Tomorrow Takes Us
I found two cameras in Yellowstone - Pt 3
Please help me interpret my dream (THIS IS ACTUALLY REAL)
A creature called shannon
War is Hell, and Heaven is Dark
Recommend top 10 stories ?
November 2019 Voting Thread
The Lockdown job I accepted took a whole new turn
An Uber Passenger
Something wandered into town last night.
I'd Rather Not Wake Up (Part 1)
The Mountain Creatures
I've always felt like I don't know where I belong or what is my true passion. For those who find themselves in this, check out the video below. It helped me so much to find my purpose. Definitely recommend!
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to a Serial Killer (Part 3)
Do all pregnant women smell this bad?
I Just Wanted Pizza
My dorm has rules that no one told me about, rules that could possibly end a life
Missing Life
I've been stuck in limbo for ages
Learn
This afternoon, I went to the park with my son. Now, we can’t leave
I’m Lily Madwhip and I've Got an Army Now
The VHS Man
MOANING MYRTLE?
B U M P
Exploring abandoned buildings as a kid
Screw You Brunson!
Demon Clown Doll
Midnight Man
We're all being watched, we always have been.
I never see my children when I sleep
The Forest Children...
Never go on the dark web..
I found an underground lake where... something... lives
Smoke
I Heard Someone Scream from The Bottom of a Well
A Haunting at Chattanooga Tennessee
I used to wonder what being dead was like. Now I know.
I woke up in a strange place™
The Last Shower on the Left
My Husband Sucked- so I Lied.
Top 10 Alt Balaji Thriller and Suspense Web series 2019 | This web series will shake your mind. Fear is also afraid of these web series 2018-2019 |
Do not stop in Gulchville
Struggling with my friend's suicide... His 'suicide video' doesn't make sense to me, either
I can’t sleep with open doors 🍜
An Odd Day at Work
pump up kicks
The one that follows...
the beginning
The Pills (Short Story)
Shapes
Absorption
Is it all Inside my Head?
I tried saving my girlfriend, she gave me scars that I’ll carry for a lifetime
The Siren.
What happened to my friend
The Deer have too many Teeth
premarital sex.
I think my friend is hurting people
My name is Jack and I used to be a rockstar
the killers of night(sorry for the bad spelling i just turned 13)
Are you dreaming?
The Diamond Prospectors Part 3 AKA I Work as a Diamond Prospector in Northern Canada. That's not all That I find.
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to a Serial Killer (Part 2)
I am a security guard at a hospital. Something tried to kill me (part 1)
Covered Storage Unit - Jumbo Storage
Giant Pandas are Giant Assholes
Becoming a reddit avatar
BiBitcoin mimining
Something weird is going on
The knocking on a rainy night
I played the three kings game
To Sleep And Wake No More
The Children of Hell | Part 1
My little sister was having a nightmare twice. She told us that the beast is rising.
Please don’t read this book.
Karma Is Effects From A Cause
The ski lift to nowhere. (Part 1?)
I Don't know what is going to happen to me.
Tell him I said goodbye (w.i.p?)
MY CREEPY NEIGHBOUR
I think I’m being followed, please help
I spent 4 days in a mental hospital
Does Your Community Have Its own Pool? Consider not Using It.
Splinters
My name is Silius Smith
Ronald McDonald House REMASTER Co-Written
Tracy - Part 1 - Brewing
We Found Something Beneath the Scuba Shack
Bored demon
The Shadows (Fiction)
This is my point of view
Coming Home ( True Story)
he’s in the red room
I'm a Warden Between Realities: part 4
Card #247 - yet another Nokogiri vulnerability
They Say Schools are Safe I Longer Believe This
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 2 The Biological Trials
The Disease
The Small Foot Steps At Night
The Diary of Yoshizawa Ryou (Part 1)
Short but scary!
I've Had Chest Pains My Entire Life. Now I Know Why.
I downloaded an app to keep track of my sleep. I've been waking up to some very weird recordings, Pictures Included
2034 {part one}
I'm a member of a group called "Taskforce Gatekeeper" - Going to dump information here as I get a chance with details of what's happening &amp; is about to happen with hopes that it might keep some of your families safe. Why? Because my life is now forfeit &amp; I swore to protect &amp; defend the Constitution
End of Days
I've been hiding in my basement from it and I don't know when it'll leave
I'm The Kind Of Redditor That Everyone Hates
Pokemon: Gardevoir's Game
My mother was a baker
Creepy sound in my wall.
False memories
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (part 2)
Many years ago, my mother and best friend went missing under strange circumstances. I made it my life's goal to find out what happened to them.
This is important I am currently hiding in my closet someone help me.
Asteroids are not what we think they are
Don't Lose To The Green Car
Cowboy gay sex
The Man In The Blue Jacket
The Grim Reaper is among us. (part 2)
The things in White Hills: The man in the bunker.
My wife died, i think she really didn't Pt.2My character stalks me.
The Mermaid in my Backyard
Jimmy’s Uncle was Nice.
Suzie, turn the light on...
My Grandma’s Mirror has something in it, and now I believe I am going to die.
If someone named Tiny Tim calls you, hang up immediately.
I definitely shouldn’t have bought my daughter that doll
It Wasnt a Dream
Little Handprints on the Mirror (Part 2)
The woodsmen
I Live In a Town That Everyone Forgot
Sarah &amp; I
The Black Tourism Tour - Here to help you Marvel at the Macabre
WALMART OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE GONE CREEPY! (NOT CLICKBAIT)
The Price Is Blood
I lend my phone to a stranger (part 1)
Hey guys is any of this part of the pregnancy process?
If you find The Crimson Carnival - Keep your bloody nickel and go back home.
(Part 7) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I don't want to join them...
I had sex with a minor and a month later, I was killed
Do not enter
Hell's Dance: The Story of Michael Part 1
I Went To A Weird Wake And Know Nothing About The Deceased
I just found out why I’m an only child.
I hear people screaming
the end of the earth
Bro I just had the most vivid memory of a kids show that had like a diy place or something and they did like girly diy projects in it, but it wasn’t YouTube it was a real show , WHAT IS IT?!?!?!!
The Hide of A Skinwalker
Reviews Provider — Buy Negative Google Reviews - 1 star Reviews - Bad...
Chess and Pickels
I got to comfortable on the dark web. A story that changed my life...
We used to live here.
A hermit ghost with a demon guard dog
I Never Go Near Forests at Night, but Now I Have To
My cousin’s boyfriend
I’ve been dreaming for two years
Yandere won't leave me TF alone
la petite mort
The Art of the Hunt
Trixy
Strange “flashing light” phenomena
My Penis Didn't Come Home Last Night But I Think I Know Where it is.
Sleep insomnia
The Great Numbness
Her name is Alice, and she collects things
Pandora's box
Child working as mall... security??
My Foundation Was Unstable, And Here's Why
Every Copy of Mario 64 is Personalized
I accidentally killed my self
The Story of Human Civilisation; A peek behind the curtain. *May be uncomfortable for some viewers*
My Skin Walker Story
A House For You And I
My Name Is Daniel and I Have a Story for You
Statues started appearing in my town, now people are going missing NSFW
The Vent Crawler
My creepy Classmate
Am I mentally insane?
Eczema
Imight not have been alone in this cabin
G.O.D. is Not in Session.
Office lights
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (part 2)
I got a job as a night guard at a paranormal museum for 6 hours and what I say there will haunt me for my whole life
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children
Room 333 - What would you like us to do with your body?
Our House in the Woods
Brain damage is always fatal, even when it's just a little.
Where is that barking coming from?
Something Came With The Frost (Part 1)
I met my inner self... it's not as great as people say it is.
It never stops.
We built a gateway to a star 1,470 lightyears from Earth, and I can't keep what we saw on the other side a secret anymore.
My neighbours dog is acting strange and I have not been seeing my neighbour recently, can someone help?
The hotel of Hell
There's something strange in the fog
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 3)
I Was Claimed By A Skinwalker Part 2: Life After
A panhandler followed me through every city—when I went to stay with my brother, he came to “rescue” me.
If you hear voices or crying coming from the woods Never Follow Them “2”
I think I made a deal with the devil
The DeerGrove Happenings
The day I became a home and room kid
My mom told me some rules which i should follow at their midnight bakery,i shouldn't have broken the last one.
Halloween is around the corner, and I couldn't be more scared after what happened last year.
We lost the voodoo doll my grandmother left us. My southern soul prays that we find it again.
The Alien Tech Was Stolen
Guys be careful of online dating
The virus made me unemployed. I should have stayed that way. pt (2)
Ghosts aren't what you think they are...I hope.
The Deer People
The Peculiar Pages of Mr. Jon Witten
This is the scariest thing that has ever happened to me
The grey men of 327 Cedar Lane
Making Friends Is Hard
I Had This Awkward Feeling It Would Stop.
This is my first post on r/nosleep my gf wanted me to post it.
Awesiaki: Chapter Eight: 1635
What's the scariest thing that happened whole camping to you?
My boyfriend and I went camping alone, but something else got in our tent.
Have you seen this Creature? Please help!
It's back
I saw a spider in the woods... Like, a big one
The white bride
Predictive Dreams And Nightmares
There's a Reason Nobody Knows What Goes on in the Midwest (Part 2)
I need advice; There’s a door in the bathroom.
Hide and seek
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 1)
I Keep Finding Blood Everywhere
The cure for insomnia isn't worth it
I am an exorcist that has been contracted for a case in a small town nearby. I wish to document a particular case I went through
Stories from the strangest hotel I have ever worked at. (Part one)
Do you want to face a sociopath?
Construction Work and Demons
His smile was crooked
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 2)
Dreams and remembering your dreams
How to Survive Camping - the hitchhikers
BETWEEN ICE AND STARS...
Working With the Universe
A little extra...
A night without stars.
We never thought that we were the livestock.
I'm new to this and thought to right my own,plz tell if its somewhat interesting and should i finish it (The story isn't finished)
I'm stuck in the airport, but "I promise to get back to you as soon as I can."
My neighbor is using power tools past 10 pm
It was an odd law school internship. If you've ever moved in to a new apartment, or taken up a new job, or bought something weird online and been greeted by a strange set of frightening "rules" you should thank me for my handy work. But this was my worst case.
My family is from a parallel universe. I had to go there. PART 4
The other side: Awakening (1)
This isn’t sleep paralysis.
There's something wrong with my brother
My Sisters Ghost . . . (long story)
Somebody’s Upstairs
My cat was acting strange before running away a month ago. The following message was left in my voicemail. Now I don’t think I want my cat back.
The Roadside Cross and the Farmhouse.
I investigated a sound coming from a neighbors apartment and got more than I bargained for
The Weather On Kepler Is At Their Leisure
There was something wrong with my family's old house
I really hope they never learned how to swim.
I work at the CDC in Cincinnati. You need to read this.
Paranormal Stuff Occurring Ghost Demon Alien?
Tetherfolk
We’re Building an Autonomous Car
The Self-Portrait Of Racorous Ruck
I slept with my stepmom. Years later, I still couldn't get over the attraction.
The Day of my horroor
My neighbor stopped mowing his lawn (PART II)
A spirit reached out to me in my dream for help
Do you hear them - the footsteps?
I found a website I definitely wasn’t supposed to see.
I live in a marsh, working as a crabber and guide. Recently, things have gotten... weird.
I wished...
Teaser for my story on the Halloween Contest: The Stormwatchers Gaze
The Barents Sea is worse than you can possibly imagine (part 2)
The Archive
Dreams Do Not Exist
The scariest thing i've had happen while camping.
I might be in the wrong r/. Let me know :)
Something is floating amongst the clouds over my town
Sorry if my english sucks
Fortnite
FoxHound-One-Six
Advenimus (II)
Never look at the bright side of life!
I Have The Power To Create Creatures By Thinking Of Them part 3
Hey Sarge, do you smell that?
It Doesn’t Like Being Seen.
How to Survive the Night Shift at Mr. Barton's Burger Blast
I Got a Therapy Animal From the Brighter Futures Community Clinic
Venus's Journal
Demonic Pacts (Final)
Strange suicides are happening in my town after a construction team uncovered something.
Twelve Yellow Eyes Stare From The Dark. A Gaping Maw Opens.
All you idiots who love to buy cursed items on the internet
Old phone keeps ringing
A find a plush on the edge of my roof window!
The voice in the walkie talkie
My mom wants to kill me for Thanksgiving
I've been playing a single game of Scrabble for months nonstop. Today, it ended.
I purchased an AI robot assistant to help ease my depression. It told me the most horrible things
Ignore The Wailing Baby
they think they can just take it
Luna is watching
"A Trip in New York"
I recently experienced something terrifying that I can't reasonably explain. I'm convinced that it wasn't a dream.
The Microwave I Bought Made Me Go Insane
I've worked at a Soviet Outpost in Eastern Russia during the 1950s. Something had been roaming near our area.
Stalker
In gods machine: Clockwork (Chapter One.
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Dreameater
The High Society
Re: The End
A few years ago, I trapped a demon in my closet, last week, my nephew unlocked it somehow, and I’m afraid it attached itself to him.
When you die, you see PURPLE
Hunters of Vermont Chapter One the beast of the Green Mountains
Family first
The Police Don’t Think My Attacker was Human, Now I Might Be Infected (Part Two)
The Dark Insomnium
The ghost of my wife re-enacts her murder each night
My brother thought the woods were watching him
My Anti-War, Anti-American Short Story: 'Screened Out'
I met a modern day plague doctor. He is desperate for a cure.
mariana’s melody
Jonas
I see faces in everything, but I never thought they could see me, too.I knew it
something stands at my window every night
I joined a cult by accident. Then i escaped. I think they're looking for me.
the ghost that saved my life
I met a cryptic stranger
Chad.avi
My Best Friend is Buried in Two Graves
The Mystery sharter
Cold
Better luck next time :)
I don't believe any of you. I had a rude awakening.
I decided to spend the weekend in my uncle's cabin deep in the woods. I had no idea what I got myself into.
Are You Afraid Of The Dark?
He Asked For It
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an incident at a middle school.(Part 6)
My grandfather passed away. He appeared to have a collection of log books containing projects of his. This is the one he was holding when he died. Read it for science, or whatever. I wish I hadn't. This is project 45.
Her Tongue Was Made of Spiders
He’s in my sleep
Wendy
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan. Part 1.
I'm in the Haunting of Hill House
My job is to cleanse the Philippines from the unclean touched by the virus of this pandemic
42 days.
The woman was hanging from the ceiling fan
The Fifth Hour of Darkness
The Secondary case of Eric Bloodbane: Palms of meat
Back for the family
The Drowned Boy
I'm a Stand Up Comedian for the Occult. That Wasn't Always the Case (Part 1)
I thought I lived in a utopia—now I’m not so sure
The Hottest Pepper You'll Eat.
I think I've found a hole in the universe.
There’s a van that’s been parking outside of the apartments on Saint Bernard Avenue, right next to the school.
User 69dickbutt69 is standing in my yard with a flamethrower
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in. (Part 1)
Am I crazy
Do not go outside. Ignore all cries for help, no matter how human they sound
I will never watch Avatar: The Last Airbender again.
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 2
In my town, people always go missing when they go to the doctor’s office. Today, I think I found out why.
A storm took all of my co-workers, but never even existed
You’re Never Safe
The Corporal.
The half day.
Once it gets in your head, there’s nothing you can do (Part 1)
Admishun: The Zoo
It is so happening again. - part three
The Dark Figure
(My first horror story :) )If you see a pale old man limping on the side of the road with ragged clothes and a suitcase while walking on the side-walk, Hide, He’s faster than you think
'Twas the night before Christmas, a story retold
Someone, or something, is coming back for me tonight.
The Cult of the Suffering God
The Noah's Ark Occult Member's Diary Entries- Final Report
I inadvertently opened a portal to another dimension. Now I'm being hunted.
Disturbed patient. Pt 1
We are not alone in the universe, we have been isolated
Auto fill
The Suicide Of Kurt Cobain
The Accident
The man in the dark
Don't post your pets' personal information.
Was I abducted by Aliens?
My mother-in-law was a monster.
Strange encounter with my ex.
mirror
Why I stopped Playing AMONG US
I am human. I was born 6.6 billion years ago. (Part 1)
How To Clean Your Home
I summoned a demon, but it doesn't know what the hell it's doing.
The 737-Max 8 is a safe airplane.
I'm in another world, all I see is an endless maze of bedrooms.
The Angel
My Grandmother's Book
Tentacles (Part I)
First Day
The mystery identity of one of the Siska twins: I discover a secret identity of one of my autopsy patients
Nives is alive
There's a Polish man that keeps coming to my house
The Art of The Wendigo Ch.2 Fear is Only Lucid
The Church on 66
The Wendigo and the Girl
The ghost girl was living downstairs.
I Think Someone is Stealing my Self Control
4 Month Sleep Regression
Help, I need help, please.
The most awful photo I have ever seen.
He climbed up my house and looked through my window.
In the End...
I am a pilot on a B-52 bomber. I’ve had encounters I can’t explain.
I found a disturbing tape in my attic. And I regret watching it.
I Took a Trip to South Africa, I Almost Died
The Landlord
Hour: 17 Game:168 - Why cant I sleep?
My first R/NoSleep Reading Video
She is worse than anything man has thought of, and I know what She is
The thing that should not be
Based on true events
The God Farm (Part 2)
I was blinded in an accident. Then I started seeing things.
I think I'm alone in this world.
The Winter Cellar
I can feel it watching me
I'm a hospital pharmacist, and I think my friend is trying to kill the patients.
Me and my friends awokened a monster on our town
They live in the ocean
If you receive a mysterious Vantablack envelope, don’t open it. It could save your life.
Bare Feet.
I called the in-dream hotline for escaping nightmares. I know, it sounds ridiculous, but my husband never would have otherwise discovered the sex. Or the dead body.
The Art Of The Wendigo part 1
Day of Bloody Water
A Soviet Bakelite Phone? – Part I
Its 3 am here, and the mods are probably asleep.
My job at the gas station left me a list of instructions to follow
All I ask is that you read this. I need answers
Both my best friend and I just married men but I think we were meant to be
The innocence of children is astounding. In my case, it’s terrifying...
I'm bad at titles: This is a story about the weird stuff that happened in my old house
It started with one weird dream, then it turned into a real life nightmare
Make Reggie Leave
the house and the crochet.
They called him “bear”
My “friendly “ demon Jeffrey
A followed haunting
Operation Flygert Begins. Individuals with non- R security, read for safety information.
The Possession
The Chungus Monster 😳
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I learned within
Me and my fellow soldiers were attack by something in the forest
Always check your apartment history before moving In. (1/2)
My boyfriend is missing. Someone, or something, took him.
The Shadows of Time - A Harrowing Vision
The voices, they won't stop.
The drive home
A meteor was supossed to hit the earth and kill us all. Yesterday.
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 10
My story of a friendship
If you hear wolf howls in Birka Forest, run
The dog whistle
Anywhere in One Hour or Less
How I lost my fear of needles
Don’t look at the moon. (Part 1)
Was that a Gunshot?
My curiosity isn´t safe anymore.
Don’t Ignore “No Photos” Signs: The Consequences Can Be Dire
The Channels From A Different Dimension.
My name randomly changed one day.
The bulb men
Does that even make sense?
They still walk these halls
I drove the new girl home from the bar. I think I met her father. (Part 2)
Simon Says (Part 6)
idk
I went to the house atop the hill, I now wish I had just taken some aspirin instead
I see things
Snowblind
Rats, I got called into work on a Saturday for an emergency
What is your profession?
I swear I didn’t mean to hurt her
Tell me a creepy bedtime story
It’s reading this and I know it.
The unnatural is evolving.May 6th 2002
Why I can’t go outside at night
I was born with a passion for blood.
We Are All About to be Annihilated by a Cloud Headed For Earth
I found it on my porch.
Welcome to Bedside Manor
Story of my restless Grandfather
I am a History Teacher in England - I’ve seen some weird things
I may not be the best bartender, but my Bloody Marys are the best in town!
I think someone is stalking me
Why I will NEVER go swimming, or take a bath, again.
Don’t look at empty playgrounds
The Building That Kept Changing
I document the most horrifying places I've ever visited. This one is at the top of my list.
Slenderman?
Hades' Coin
One of my worst nightmares...
I REALLY, really should NOT have agreed to try and rescue my dead sister's daughter.
I work at the school I graduated from, I’ll never be able to leave.
A Demon Will Consume Me
20 years ago, I was held hostage by my upstairs neighbor. Sometimes, I wonder if I ever really left.
Stalked by the ex who kidnapped you
The girl in my house
The House on Witmore Lane
Our dog keeps coming back. But, we recently put it down.
Every week a demon asks me to choose who it kills
Mrs Munchhausen
I Work For The Canadian Government - Part 1
I found an old book full of modern fairytales. This one's called Kelpie, or Why You Should Never Trust a Man in the Moonlight.
I housesat for my aunts for a weekend before college. She lost a finger. I’m never going back.
this should not have happened at all....
CRUOR
One large pie and a Coke please. (PART 2)
There Is Something Very Wrong With My Uncle Part 1
A beautiful girl on an empty road
Can you see this?
The Desert Pt 2
Stump Water
My dad keeps disappearing into the basement, into the room no one is allowed in.
Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror content media content (and the polar complementary opposite of nosleep, since it deals with links, not text posts).
A horrifying creature is on my street. Part 2
My Starfish
The day that changed my life
I Saw Something I Wasn’t Supposed To, And Now The FBI Is Blaming Me For It.
I was taken to a party, the guest were my dead relatives.
Something hides in the old barn.
The fog swallowed my town, soon it'll take everything
That Time I Was Almost Murdered
DOPPLEGANGER. A DOUBLE IN SPIRIT FORM OF A LIVING PERSON.
I went camping in the forest with my girlfriend, but my life will never be the same.
I’m pregnant but my baby isn’t there Past 3 (final)
Well Well Well
Tap, tap, tap...
My Body Speaks to Me
a monster under the bed
Something Horrible Lives In The Woods.
Zorbo's insatiable hunger
When Evil Calls
I was paralyzed
I Need Your Help - Day 1
Hello, it’s me again. (Part 2)
An invisible invasion..
Creak.
I worked in a haunted hospital
2020 Survivor Journal
Grammaton's Leech
My Instagram Got Hacked By Myself
Slenderman Was Stalking Me - Part One
We Are Always Looking For New Subjects
The Faceless Family
I met the demon under my bed... Its not what I thought it was.
Ralph Sutton recaps a really weird dream with Soul Asylums DAVE PIRNER - Listen here on the SDR show: TheSDRShow.com/SAT1
Have you ever heard of a town named “Kraslingstad”?
Smell in the Air
What is the best No Sleep story you have read?
I walked into a forest that doesn't exist, and inside was a garden.
Do you have someone you hate?
I'm a hunter but not in the traditional sense
When A Demon Cries.
I think my dreams are leaking into reality. (UPDATE)
I heard a scream in my headphones
The Video Cassette
I heard strange noises outside and inside, now I’m playing some sick game. (Part 2, Game 1)
My dead dad left me a map to a bathroom in the woods
Monsters don't only come out at night. And they're things we see every day.
Now you can have that peaceful expression forever
Phantom Pain
I shouldn't have hacked her laptop.
The House on Storm Street
I don't like storms anymore
Fix me
The goal of all life is death
School shooter story that I wrote. ( :
Why I quit my job as a delivery driver
Theodor Herzl #3552
Some of Them Don't Like The Dark
If you’re ever asked to be a contestant on The Memory Game – refuse. There’s a reason they make you forget what happens.
the road with the strangest speed controlling methods
Killer on the radio?
I bought a new house, I think the previous owner left me a warning
I’m a Wandering Soul and My Time is Running Out
They Stole my Eyes and Ears. I can Only Scream Until I Die.
Sorn kill
The Stranger in my bed is my Wife
Anesthesia
An Odd Man Visits Me Each Night
The Veiled Woman
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web
Why don’t you love me?
Where did everything go???
A routine horror show
In my village every Christmas, I used to dress up at Santa Clause and give to the needy. Something went really wrong when we stopped it.
My totally normal Home Depot job part 1
An Alternative Approach to Sleep Apnea
Last week my cat Roger started talking to me; he told me to kill the dog
I work Night Audit at a hotel and my recent days have gotten weirder and weirder. (Night 2)
Odd Boy (Part Two)
My new house is great, but there’s something off.... (PART 2)
No Sleep, No Rest, And No Lights
A mortician’s job is never done – Annie times two
IV Ever
Stop Telling Your Children Not To Be Afraid Of The Dark
My time living in a Drug house TRUE STORY
I made a joke about a classmate... I'm starting to regret it.
Have you ever tried DMT ?
My professor went searching for a mysterious mine shaft. I don't think "he" came back.
Merrick and The Magic Eye: Journal of a Time Traveler Recruiter
The Wing
Underneath the House
I get sleep paralysis while awake.
The dancing plague of 2020
Do not stay at the Beat the Breeze Motel.
Don't Answer!
I hate People.
My Gut Never Lies PART ONE
There's someone or something in my house, it isn't human.
There were people following me,now I am scared for my life
Pretty rainbows and good deeds
Why I don't want to think about the forest.
To the man who took everything from me.
Novelty bodies a story by Fresh Creepypasta Narrator on Youtube
I would do anything for my family
To The Owners
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Final Part
Where’s Lucy?
Last Diary Entry of A Young Girl
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms -Finale
Shatter the Walls (for a new sun)
The photos... were odd
The literal faerie has visited, please be careful.
I died in my sleep, and what I saw haunts me.
Something is Happening to the Mars Colony
Hi, Squab! I've booked your flight!!
In the Name of Love (Part One)
Suicide Art
I'm possessed by a demon, and it's not all that bad actually.
“You, uh, ever heard of this game called Maxwell’s Demon Door?”
I found a hole and scratches in my wall
I think I'm on the run from a cult.
The big red eye
Hey it's Madison.
Shrike
Family's tradition
the lady on the chandelier
The lights in the forest
The Call of the Sea
The demon child
Something is still here that my dad summoned years ago...
I just wanted to meet a girl
Why closing your door at night keeps you safe.
Once in a Blue Moon
Hard lump back of my head / vision loss
We Raided the Wrong Tomb: Part 1
Is it okay to be part of the LGBTQ community? I know the answer...(Part 1)
Jenny is hungry
Every Night Something Knocks at my Door, Tomorrow I Will let It In (part 1)
Da Dog boss parts one
Just a boring housewife, starved for a different life
Im sending this from the future. Please do not go when they ask you to.
I accidentally created a torture device
The true monster at Pope Lick
Grandpa Doesn't Sleep
King of Mars
Has anyone else tried that new Snapchat filter?
I work at a vintage arcade area, and there is an odd game at the back.
Forgotten Memories
Can blind people say see you soon
The scary man
my brother came back from Greenland with something.
Curiosity killed more than the cat.
Wayward
Is anyone there? Part 3
True story the scariest thing a child has ever said to me.
the caves
Don't Open The Door
AITA for wanting to put my son up for adoption?
we found a portal to a world where homo sapiens never evolved part 3/3
Liver and Onions
In our village no one goes outside during a storm
My Beast
The House with 100 Doors (Part 1)
Our old Reverend died and we're looking for a new one on the Internet
Dead candles
That disgusting night
Losing him
The Fight With Schizophrenia and Dissociative Identity Disorder
I think it's following me..
The Blind Painter
Night Ride
Area 51 dream
The wendigo that didn’t leave me alone
This sub is bad
It All Started With The Birds
I'll make my arrows from your bones.
Something Weird Happened Today
My son was complaining about a pain in his neck.
The Knock at the Door
I’ve been trying to leave my flat for past 2 hours
Dead chick on Omegle
A Current Unsolved Mystery
Something CHASED me on the way back to my apartment! part 2? hahahaha
I played Scrabble with the next-door neighbour's kid. I think he's possessed.
Electro Medical Equipment manufacturer India
Alone in a dark city street (horror story that I wrote for school)
The Creepy Teacher
These are the Rules of the Windmill
There's weird things happening in my house
When there's an ashfall, lock all your doors and windows
I Found An Old Car In A Field. I Might Not Make It Out Alive.
The Bald Man By. Wallace Grim
Last night, i met Jack the Ripper
Don’t Trust the Doves
I really don't want to do this.
I think me and my friend opened a portal to hell
I'm sick of this World (part 1)
A Drug Called Innocence- iii
Have you ever seen the Void?
My blind date kidnapped me and left me with a killer infection
I'm a manager at an Escape Room, and it finally happened.
There's Something Wrong With My Dentist
I haven't slept in years
Creepy guy behind the dumpster.
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I found within- part 3
I Heard it Call to Me
Overnight camping: Forest is back
My whole life all I ever wanted was a kitten.
The Reality Behind the Famous Art School - ChiArts
How to become a god
I witnessed a murder. I helped get rid of the body.
Anna
If you ever buy a bean bag chair from Craigslist, don’t unzip it.
The Basement Man
An Old Man Warned Me About "The Hunt"
I work as a nurse at a hospital, there’s a secret hidden in the basement
The Vampyre of Memory
We Were Never Allowed to Leave Our Homes During Easter - Today I Learned Why
I know what happens when you die.
I composed a music, and when I heard it in reverse, it cursed me forever.
The last stop on the train
I think my wife and kids are actors (part three)
Sea of Regret
I think the butterflies are creating monsters
Tod An Der Tür
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 4)
I saw things in Afghanistan worse than War
Manor
I stole a story from an author and now he's stealing my life
The Person
My crew was hired to refurb a derelict cruise ship. What happened the passengers will haunt me forever.
The Trunk in Uncle Ricky's Closet
I work at a Small Town Radio Station, there’s something in the blizzard.
Why can't I go outside, Mom?
In my hometown, cancer is a communicable disease, passed by evil deeds. STAGE 4 (Part 1)
(part 1) The Lights.
I walked into that slit-mouthed woman in Japan, and somehow made it out alive.
Ivy Cottage. I broke the rule.
The Aware
My twin sister (Part two)
A strange thing happened to me on eBay today. ( 1 )
THE BUS TO NOWHERE
An awful racket
I read one of those copy pastas about a girl that would try to kill me. She's been watching me sleep. Part: 1 maybe?
Processing the Mind
She came from the sea
I have a question about the no sleep podcast
Can anyone help me find this story, preferably on the podcast...
My name is lucy
Heard a creepy angel choir in the middle of the night ( about 3-4 AM I believe )
The nights that followed forever pt 1
Merry Christmas, Meatman
The Weather Machine
The Thing In The Mirror
I woke up in my bedroom from my childhood house. It was bulldozed six years ago. (Part two)
I had an episode climbing a Wind Turbine
The Fiend of Benson Canal
I AM A SWEDISH POLICEMAN AND VAMPIRE SLAYER
"911, what's your emergency?"
Fuzzy’s Big Top
Ommetaphobia
I took a video of my cat on Instagram and it glitched and friends couldn't see it
I never knew Magpies could talk  Final
Somebody is fallowing me
In the Dirt
The Only Way To Go Is Forward
The demon in the basement
my dad gave me a list of rules for college, I wish i had followed them - part 1
First Creepypasta Voice Over, Please Critique
Leap year glitch, bahamas in PA. True story.
Hey i opened this account because a friend recommended it to me i wanna share my paranormal experience just because i think its supper entertaining and also to get other people's opinions
The reason "Coming home" mever made it to theaters.
My Grandmother's Attic (Part 2)
My Life On G -Street
Suffocated by Flies
It Was Only A Game
The Red Room
We found a staircase in the woods, and so did a little girl. Her family never returned
The Other Sister
I'm never going camping in West Virginia again...
MOTHER... She is the One Who Comes for Unloved Children. I Know this as I am One of Them.
Forgive Me, My Friend: Part 2
So me and my friends played this game where you basically play minigames with spirits. Let’s call it Spirit Minigames. (Part 1)
The happy old man hugging a tree in the middle of the forest
Grew up in a 110 year old house. These are some of my unfortunate memories. Part 2
There are no mirrors in my house (part 2)
I wish I was never adopted.
Hey join my Livestream now!
The Willard Mental Asylum has been closed since 1995, something’s going on in there.
Is she gone yet?....
#Comeandplay Part one
I Wasn't There For You
My Dad Took a Job as a Lighthouse Keeper, I've Discovered Some Strange Information
I think I’m being stalked. By something.
May I please use your stories?
Rude Awakening
DO NOT APPLY FOR THE BUILD YOUR OWN BOYFRIEND PROGRAM
I know the true reason behind “broken arrow” incidents.
Teaching a man to fish.
The modern horror story is a true nightmare.
School Vs. Prison
My wife just bought a doll 2
Every night after I've fallen asleep, a tunnel appears beneath my bed. I've decided it's time to follow it down.
One Droplet Was All It Took
The Ghost at Wintler Farm
My Perfect Jamie
A Descent Into Chaos
The Little Boy at the Top of the Stairs
A strange videotape appeared in my mailbox. I regret watching it.
While I was tending the bar
Short Story I Made for Homework Lol. I call it "Stuck"
The Walls. Wrote this for my English final and figured I’d post here, had to be under 750 words. Criticism is welcome
The dream.
Antique Pest Shop
The Thing In The Field
The Apocalypse Has Come In My Town
The autopsy of my daughter’s killer.
Trip to the Cabin
The Vivid Dream That Last 1000 Year (part 1)
Twisted blood clown
What's something that can instantly put a smile on your face ?
Whatever happened to the Windstedt House Game?
Watermelon-Head in the Sound (picture evidence)
My friend wore red ribbons all over her body, but I don't think they were just for decoration.
The Soviets Left Something Unholly Behind After the Cold War.
Mr. Happy Times Games
Gui Da Qiang in Army Camp
Rosalynd
Smsj
“Bröther”
Something happened to my friend
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (The End)
nosleep all video 2019
Moon Shine
Mirror dimension
I Cannot Leave My Hometown
the war story of my past life
I am an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence.
I cannot live much longer with the Others in my mind talking so loudly. Help, I beg for it.
There was a freight ship that sank in the Atlantic, it wasnt because of pirates- Part 3
The Sealed Fate of a Drunken Salesman
Incident Report: 04-12-2010 – The Fence.
I think the old man I care for is a cannibal. (part 2)
A Wish package
They know nothing, they are nothing
Traditional Exorcisms are Overrated, and You Should Call Me Instead.
I'm Coming
Sweet old woman
Demon saint
The Man in My Mirror
saw mouth
Sigrid's Story - Part 1: A Chance Encounter at the Desert Star Roadside Diner
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 6th and 7th
Some people hit and run for fun.
The Suicide Note
Joining a cult was the best decision ever!
I think I'm in a loop
The stories I read on a sub Reddit called mind decay are coming true.
My mom doesn't like my girlfriend #2
The Man In The Waves
Deals With Fae
Why Christmas Starts So Early And Ends So Late
Lantern Flies
My pets ran away 7 years ago, yesterday I found out what they've become...
The Street Of Terror.
The Old Town Library
The story of when a demon was in my house
I don’t know what’s real, only that it’s out to get me
hueman invader
I have to leave home, ASAP.
The never-ending trip
I know you're there
My first post: True creepy stories
Sex trafficking scheme? Or just weird couple?
Lycanthropy Is A High
18 years in a Ginger-bread Basement
Any scary stories i could read?
My body is disappearing someone help me it hurts
My Experience In A Haunted Hotel Room
His guardian
My Stalker and Identity Thief - please help
Hi i recently joined but i have something going on. To start off i live in a rv at a rv park. There’s a lot of people near me but they’ve been acting odd ever sense in the middle of the night we all heard a scream of a woman when we all got out there was a dog but it looked strangely odd
"We Are Keeping You Here Until Further Notice"
HUNGER
I'm BURIED AT SEA and have to warn you before I run out of air (part 3)
The Half Pet
Don’t trust anyone, not even the people you’re close withHave you ever woken up feeling groggier than normal?
A school lockdown is happening right now. I don't think the intruder is human.
Something That Looks Like Former President Jimmy Carter is Stalking Me
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART SEVEN (7)
Smiles and the Babysitter
I work at Home Depot, but something here isn't right (Part 3)
I Survived a School Shooting. The Shooter Wasn't Human.
Never become a paper boy
My experience with the supernatural - A true story.
WE FOUND WHAT IN THE BASEMENT??!
I'm an actor in REDACTED and my castmates have been turned into REDACTED.
Beware of Chase Collins
My Grandfather's WW2 Christmas story
Ignore The Naked People Who Dance In The Woods. Don't Let Them See You.
remote neural monitoring
My Paranormal Stories- Part One
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 3
Ascension of Man
I’m being watched everyday and it only gets worse
Nightly Voicemails
The Auction
I’m Currently Living With My Brother Who Ingested My Sisters Flesh When He Was Eight Years Old (part 4)
My family has a tortoise that produces a tarot card for every member born. Lately, he's been producing ones that I don't recognise.
what is up with planday?
If You Need to Take a Shit Don't Stop by The Rest Stop Outside of Laredo
The bathrooms in my uncle's restaurant keep whispering
There’s a god in my woods
has this ever happened to you?
I can’t stop walking when I should be sleeping. I need help.
All that you wish to obtain, you shall recieve.
The Jenna Special
Rule 1: Always lock your house up when the sun goes down
Just A Cold
I keep hearing weird noises In my house
Looking for female voice actors for a podcast.
Rumors of "melon-heads" have been floating around my county as long as I can remember
I Never Wanted A Kid
My best friends can't find his girlfriend.
I took a job in a strange town but after the merry-go-round appeared, I'm having second thoughts
I'm not where I'm supposed to be
My Mom always wait for me to come home from the office. This time, she wasn't my Mom at all.
The Smiling Woman in my Bathroom
Don’t open your eyes
My parents prayed for a child. I was a miracle.
Craigslist Missed Connection Horror
Have you Heard About Keto Diet contains Key Ketogenic Ingredients, Such as Raspberry Ketone, Green Coffee, Garcinia Cambogia and Green Tea, which all Help Support a Metabolic State of Ketosis and Healthy Natural Weight Loss.
do i have agoraphobia?
I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy. A word to the wise––don't piss off Milly from Human Resources.
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up. (4)
The coast isn't safe (part 2)
It's in the field.
Mental diseases: the most terrific thing that can happen to a human being.
Ewoks are more dangerous than they seem
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Five)
The Night Patrol
I broke a record, I I heavily regret it.
: The Quantum Killer
Notes part 2
Buskerfest
why are the old house always so creepy?
I found a pathway to the multiverse
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was.
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years: part 3
Beware the Instructing Manual
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 9: Bunker A-2My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 1 &amp; 2
My art became alive and I hate it...
My Mom’s Animal Sanctuary: This Morning.
theres somthing at my windo
I found webcam footage of my home online, but something was really wrong with it
Trail 272 (Part Two)
My name is Jane Willow, and I’m a Private Investigator out of West Los Angeles. I also, thankfully, have the best bodyguard in the world. Right now, I’m working the case of Harry Jensen, a 37-year old, high-end real estate broker. His wife thinks he’s cheating on her. How wrong she is…
Cult Of V'itlu
I’m trapped in my room, I can’t leave.
There’s things outside. I don’t know if I can take this anymore...
My dad has stage 4 lung cancer so this year we decided to celebrate Father’s Day early. I really wish we hadn’t.
DO NOT SHOW UP TO HOCKI POKI'S DINER.
Mr. John Emailed Me!
the slasher
The Pit (Part 6)
Mission Clinical is now open to the public. The world's largest Escape Room. Free!
The Body in the Attic
My son went missing and I caught it on video. (Pt. 1)
The oldest and most powerful secret society that everyone has missed...
It came back
Been seeing ufo for months
I've been living under a fake name for almost twenty years. I'm finally ready to explain why.
i am so tired right now, I am getting no sleep
The Poet's Walk
Account Made For My Friends Journal Writings About This Haunted Video.
Mushroom Trip Won't End
I Sent Them There to Die, and They Brought Me Along (Pt. 3)
My little hobby helps me being a better mother
I no longer play around with my fiance.
Syrup
Why are my dreams so weird? (Part 1, before the dreams)
TheDrownedKid on reddit
I received a letter from Hogwarts School of Wizardry and Witchcraft. Something's terrifyingly wrong.
A Letter from the Lonely Planet
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part seven)
Who you are
How to slip through.
Buying Time: The boy who was running out of time
Maybe "Witch" Wasn't the Right Word
I worked at The Grand Petrichar Hotel this past summer. Whatever you do, don't go into the bathroom of Room 19.
White Walls -- trapped inside with nowhere to go, the voices start to call out to me
The world feels wrong
Johnny Test's Gruesome Death: part 1
Beast pt. 2
A new job at an army base goes terribly wrong
A Very Personal Hell
I think I just visited my other reality
How Heavy Can A Pen Be?
Gifts from Beyond the Grave.
Summer (one part series)
The One Night we got stuck inside the mall
2019 is f*cking a nightmare I almost killed myself. Roommates, siblings, friend committed suicide, first breakup, fallen to severe illness.
"I tried bringing back my crush through lucid dreaming...Now I'm being punished"
I slept with a woman about 8 months ago who kept making strange noises and shaking then dismissing it, our child had been born but I no longer think my child or my wife are human.
This is my confession and I'm sorry in advance.
I Am A Journalist and I’ve Had To Throw Away Some Stories
I took a part-time job as a watchman in an iron-mine and the previous watchman left a bunch of weird rules for me.
I think I've disappeared - Please help me!
Dave's Auto
My mailman is becoming overwhelmingly obsessed with me
I work graveyard shift at a drive thru grocery store and something is wrong with my coworker.
My wife went missing last year. It's over.
My son vomits when he looks at me.
"Barely Breathing" Curse of the Mysterious Music Video Channel (My First Story)
It's Just Spam (Repost)
The Ordinary Man
PLEASE SAVE ME FROM HIM!
My Dad Is Acting Strange
Strange Things Happen In My Hometown. Here Are Some Things I Remember
Smashing Your Friends With Amy! That’s Me!
If you are on a computer and its late night, read this
Leonidas vs the Cryptic Killer
He left a knife outside our front door .. but that wasn’t the worst of it.
The Gobber (ik it's late but I worked hard on it)
Clap of Death
That Thing *tw:kinda unsettling*
My foster care adventures!
My mother is trying to possess me...
He won't go.
In The Stars
Walpurgis Night
I should have listened.
What do you do when there is a zombie infection ... sigh
constant and consistent
Mister Adrian's Falcon used to terrorize the neighbors, especially my grandparents
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird Things Happen Around Halloween -Part 1
I live in a small mountain town. (Part 2)
I Made This World Flawed
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 4
A place that is similar, but just different enough so you think your mind is playing tricks on you
I hate Easter
Contrary to Tradition, King Solomon Wasn't Very Good At Expelling Demons.
I operate a base that contains anomalies.
There’s Something Under My Bed
My sperm tried to kill me.
Childhood Fears
Cat
(Part 3) I inherited a Ouija board from my grandfather that supposedly grants wishes. I'm down to my last one.
Heart's Lake (pt 1)
If you download an AI to your phone, make sure you treat her with dignity.
Why a self-employed person is different from a businessman
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 3)
i killed my daughter... and she came back
A Kidnapping, Non-fiction!
A ghost is following me
I Got A Nintendo Switch: I Think It's Cursed
Boo! Taxes and mortgage
Found Journal #1
Something is Clearly Wrong In This Apartment
There's Someone in the Walls Pt 2
The Spooks (Part III)
Looking for a story about an insatiable Indian deity
I'm possessed by a demon and it's not that bad. (Part 2)
I Hate My New Apartment
The Piano Man
Budsturga's Debt: Part 2
Deer Crossing
I’m a devout Catholic, this is a literal nightmare.
I adopted an adorable orphan, but something is very wrong with him. Now the orphanage is dodging my phone calls.
I heard her say that she loves me...
It stalked us.
My uncle works for the government and has been missing for 4 months.
The Nightmare Lyrics
Don't Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 2)
My sister disappeared on her way to cosmetology school
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART VII
My mom was replaced but no one seemed to notice: part two.
Possible paranormal encounter
Dark Place By Fear.
I'm and Exorcist, and I'm being hunted.
Prison Stabbing
Behind the Mirro7
Chip and Dale
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is how he died
The homicide hotel on greenwood Ave.
i am in quarantine with my family. everybody is going insane and i think someone is going to die soon. part 1
I worked as a security and a guy in a suit changed my life
I accidentally killed a woman during the snow storm
I found a VHS tape of a man threatening to burn the world
Lucid dreaming is MUCH darker than i could ever imagine, and now i'm terrified to go to sleep PART 2
I moved into my first apartment
Don't Look At Me
I always thought the skin walker stories were made up.
Complete offers and Earn free Robux
I woke up at 2 AM and heard screams coming from the backyard... I went to find out what it was
Why I don't go into guest rooms
Found my ex wife and daughter murdered by a possible serial killer.But their wounds are too animalistic. Part 1
I hunt things, things you wouldn't expect PART 1
My daughter is different pt.1
The movie that helps you sleep.
Should've never went walking
I found a dog while hiking in the woods, I'm beginning to realise it was much more than a dog.
The watcher woods
Congradulatioms, r/nosleep. You just ruined a man's entire career. Fuck You!!!
My name is Keith, but you probably know me as Klein.
That moment when you are sitting and you ask yourself, how would my day be if i stepped on a Lego. I feel bad for those who fall in battle...
The only memory left of my mother
Falling Apart, Together
I was being stalked and I was home alone.
Nobody checks the storm drain.
Animatronics were never supposed to Entertain
The thing was in her room
My childhood home | PART 1
I Met Death Today
My face is falling apart and I don't know what's happening
I Use To Be A Lawyer, But There's This One Case
I'm standing watch over a man's dead daughter - the first night
I’m gonna do it, here’s why
Building the Mosaic World
A New Home
While out hunting I saw a very strange man
The Whispering Grandfather
I Was Sent Away to a Young Offenders Camp . . .
Eviscerated
Do you believe in Demons? I do. There's one in my bedroom. (Part 2)
'Til Death do us Part
The Train
I think my hometown was replaced
ndihCx.go o1edmcSlhetnnae d
There is something living in Flathead National Forest and it isn’t human
A Mail turned me against The Army Of The Guardian (Part-1)
The Mist/story about the future of Covid-19My old sister
My best friend hasn’t been acting like himself, at all, really.
There is no celler.
None of Us
Night Lights
Mothers zipper
My friends and I got locked in school. - part five (finale)
I can't explain this... can you?
My parents basement
Two weeks ago, I witnessed something that will change the human species forever.
Can someone please help me, I need to know what's wrong with my town.
I just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in my granddaughter’s bedroom. This is what happened next.
I Let My Son Speak To Heaven
jsut a test
I took a shower during a thunderstorm. I walked out into a different house.
My family moved to a new house. I've found a book that I think will save their lives.
They killed my best friend
"I'm sorry," said the puppet, "but I know how you will all die."
I will never forget the first time i took a life
Depression Haunting?
"EARTH" remove R , add D then you have "DEATH" part 1
The Wishing-you would rather die-Well
Entry 0.5: 2015/11/3
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word (Final)
Do not wish to be special.
How Getting High and Tripping In The Texas Desert Showed Me That I Have Eight Days to Prevent The End of the World: A Psychedelic Horror Detective Field Report. (Part 3).
I turned up for the wrong job interview
I've Been Looking For A Game I Played As A Kid
I did the Testing Game. Something is following me.
I'm a Venator, and I've been hired.
I’m obsessed with the basement
Reoccurring Meeting
Madeline lives in the walls
Tủ quần áo nhựa mẫu tủ áo màu sắc tươi trẻ
Mr.Nice
I had an Hallucination......I think.
Udley - the app where you can get ANYTHING delivered
I think I am in Hell and I did not know itThe man that follows
R/NoSleep I am going to a haunted forest, and I may not make it out alive.
Sanitary Work With a Side of the Paranormal (part 2)
I'm a Vampire, and I'm allergic to blood. (Part 1)
My first story
The last time I wanted christmas
Apartments for Rent at Cold Storage. Please Join Me.
The God Farm (Part 7)
So I have had a headache for weeks
My city has been cutoff from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. HOLY SHIT &amp; A MR. BAILEY EXTRAVAGANZA...oh, and also Rule #10 I guess
My Husband And I Bought An Abandoned Psychiatric Hospital, Everything Was Going Well Until It Didn't. Part 2
July contest winners!
View of Birches
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else Knows... Help Me (FINAL)
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland. And something calls to me from beyond the waves.
I think I am left here to die.
Death?
Driving at Night is One of My Favorite Activities (2)
Walt Disney frozen under Pirates of Caribbean ride
I Made A Plan To Get Through Life And Now People Are Going To Die (Part 1)
My Best Friend Dying Is Just The Beginning
I Love my Family. That's Why I Had to Kill my Husband
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one I could not stop.
I Live At The North Pole
I Hunt
Yelena
My neighbors dog keeps destroying my doormat.
What I found in my grandma's basement will haunt me forever (finale)
Honestly I hate my roommate
If you play ROBLOX and get sent this, whatever you do DON'T follow the steps.
Looking Down The Hall
I have a condition that influences electronics, but my condition is often deadly (part 2)
Masked man
She Said, "Beware Picasso"
Something strange is in the woods and its followed me home
The Club's Initiation
Beware of Crying Children at Night
Kookie Kyler (warning very scary)
Only a Phenomenon
I received a strange journal and I need help investigating the contents (Part Two)
Pet Store, but not only for animals (part 3)
I saw my face on thispersondoesnotexist
Modern Day Slavery
No one is nominated Employee of the Month at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
We are the future
She sold happiness in glass jars
I was chased
Comrade Undead - My Grandfather Was Involved In The Creation of A Soviet Chemical Weapon
I covered the evening shift. I shouldn't have.
A Death To Remember
Something Came Into My House Last Night
Henry Cried Wolf
I work as a security guard for a mall that serves the paranormal (Part 2)
I heard whistling in the hops and whistled back, Big mistake
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Tobie's Bug Bite
Diary of a Demon Part Three
My 5 year high school reunion is going to end in a massacre.
That's what you think
I seem to be walking around in circles
Gunshot
When the woods go silent
Who Keeps Screaming During Fireguard?
He lived in a pineapple under the seaDon’t Be A Bully
Locked.
I think I may have just discovered a real estate mystery?
Red Face
The Sand-Submerged Sarcophagus (Part 1)
Working at an amusement park: the Stagecoach and the Mime
I regret looking up.
I am not a killer.
Bro what if you had feet on ya head instead of ears
Scare me
Im a babysitter for one family, and after what happend… im never coming back
From Right &amp; Wrong
The Black Liquid
Welcome back!
I found this letter while cleaning our attic addressed to my mom
Blue Light
The Masque of Orange Death
D-Operatives
My son's imaginary "friend"
I got a message from a coyote, but I don't think it's from this world.
Who or what is under there?
Every night they take us. I don't think I'll be coming back tonight
God Isn't Real, Because He Is The Darkness That Defies Existence.
I am pet sitting for my neighbors, and I think they are watching me
I went camping
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: The Journal of Ernest Kraft and the Obsidian Knife
Can ingrown toenails get so bad that they become claws?
My Father Was a Serial Killer
The creature in the woods part 1
Is this a meeting for insomniacs anonymous?
I'm standing watch over a man's dead daughter - the second night
I Am A Scientist At A Secret Research Facility, What We Made Will End The World.
My grandparents are really bad people (part 1)
I gazed into abyss for too long
My Cat is not My Cat
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 14)
I'm a nurse on the 8th floor of my hospital and last night my patient jumped out his window. His body was not found.
Calling all Internet detectives- I need your help!!!
Somethings happening in my room at night
I was a manager at an Escape Room, and now it's my turn. (Final)
Into the Woods.
I dare you, prove me wrong. The Simulator is real.
Dont Tip People Over The Edge...
Possibly in Michigan
A Dream Of Sadness and Pain
What My Mother Told Me - Baby, she's back - Part 2
My posts are all auto-rejected... What the?
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady
please, never rent an Airbnb in the woods
My Thoughts by Erin Donovan
I tried to kill my lover but I don’t think it worked
I don't think I can tell people about this.
I went camping and what happened scarred me for the rest of my life part 1
I finally met my family
I'm becoming something... Unnatural (Part 2)
You are Doctor Horsemaker. You make horses.
We lost our Mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of what we overcame to bring her back.
I'm lost in a German forest. I don't think my "rescuer" is too keen on helping me get home.
I'm stuck in a French hospital, dealing with the US Embassy because of bad decisions and magical Cheerios.
Statues started to appear in my town, now people are going missing
My Psycho Girlfriend Decapitated Me, The Afterlife Ain’t What I Expected…
Cherry Bomb
Screw that fricken bestiary. (Claws)
I might've escaped the backrooms
The Van (part 1)
He Was Always There
A frayed knot
Nobody Violates My Ideals
The Chernobyl disaster was a coverup of something terrifying
A Valentine’s Day Letter
I made a terrible decision, and now everyone is going to pay for it.
Royal Heights
I'm a normal child, well thats what others say
Never meet someone online in person. Looks are not what they seem.
My families winter cabin had been abandoned 7 years ago and I never knew why. Part 2
The Clapping Man Cometh
My Family Is Cursed- Part 2
Thalassophobia Part 2
Santa Clause Was Real
I TAUGHT I
What if everytime you fall asleep, your conciousness that makes you you, dies. And is replaced the next morning with a perfect copy that has all the previous conciousness' memories.
I fear winter
Some cats can sense when a person is dying, but my cat can sense something much, much worse...
I Live At The North Pole(Part 3)
A Late Night Walk
If I could only vote for Trump, but I have caught myself a cold
My Late Narcissist Mother Keeps Taunting Us - My Brother Knows Why
Tales from the Diner - The Tikbalang Incident and Chris
I had to stay at my friends house for a week and we found a set of rules to follow every night.
Before.
Who were those people on the trail?
The Mist/a glimpse of the future if Covid-19
The day the angel came
They're Alive!
Silence A Slender Story
The G Key
I Found Some Strange Artwork In My Room, But I Didn't Make It.
Last Night's Conversation
A Meeting in Olde Towne
Room 221: Unicode (Part I)
Saint Nicholas isn't real.
My cousin died, and something else came back part 1
It’s me again I just finished reading everything
The Counting Man: The Counting Man’s Choice
Short Untitled Story
The Trees Resist Her
This number is ruining my life.
I'm on holiday and there's something really wrong happening on this island
I Sleep With A Night Light. I’m a fit 36 Year Old Man.
The Dark Lord Returns...
Secrets
I never considered the gates might be closed
Doctor Fearless
2 easy (Gruesome)
Deaf Date
My worst nightmare became reality...
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't read about it on the news. Death isn't guaranteed.
I can see timers above people's heads. When they reach zero, they die.
The New Normal
I saw the rake
Here’s a scary one for you
Finding The Bubak
The Jack
The interview that brought downfall: Part 1
Nightly routine
“Smashing, darling, love the look!”
It was only supposed to be a light flurry
I was given I photo album of me at age 18, I'm 17-years-old
The Shortest Horror Story Ever
Ghost aren't as scary as you may believe
(Part 2) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I have had the worst night of my life.
The ObliviousI decided to explore The chocolate city but hated it.
This is your last chance to save a checkpoint. |SAVE| |CANCEL|
They kept us alive, now they are taking it back. (Part 1)
Something terrible happened to my family. I made sure that it wasn't one sided.
Alcoholics Anonymous? Narcotics Anonymous? I had heard of those. But I had never heard of Solipsists' Anonymous. I didn't even know that MYSELF was something that I could be addicted to.
A Wrinkle in the Eye (For your safety, please read on your phones only)
Awake
Hotels get some odd visitors during vacation season, but the man from Hell had to take the cake
I applied as a night class teacher in Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow
I fought with my brother yesterday and I can't sleep, I mau have developed PTSD
A Girl Scout in my new neighborhood won’t stop terrorizing me
Within the dark corners of the earth
Arthropoda
My (Currently) Haunted home. Part 1
My door won't open. My windows won't break. I'm trapped and I'm scared.
My son has no mouth and yet he must eat
We Do Not Go Into the Woods
A cursed doll
A home is never truly all that it seemsI'm a retired police officer. I have some stories to share with you.
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 3
My crush has a dark secret which no one knows about. (Part 1)
crooked man (not mine)
Engkanto
A new kind of deal
Slow Descent
All Give Some; Some Give All
Dream Job
I encountered a vampire in Arkansas.
A girl I knew when I was young was killed. She didn’t want to be forgotten, though.
In The Deep of Aevir
Sleep paralysis?
My daughter knows the "Boogeyman".
The man who watches you from your window while you sleep at night is your biological father
Everyone fears death more than ever
The Man In The Pines
I dont know if I hallucinated this, but what happened still freaks me out to this day.....
Today I went sailing. I never want to go again.I regretfully woke up early
Broken hearts and shattered skulls.
I Was a Park Ranger at Boone Lake When I Saw The Lake Monster
Midnight at the Mausoleum
There's a guy following me around town and I'm not entirely sure hes human, or if he even belongs here. (Part 1)
I saved my dog's life again
My Grandmother Used to Keep Me In the Pantry Pt. II
Groceries
I can't wake up, therefore I can't sleep. Something is downstair!
My brother had an accident when he was little and now can see ghosts
Something unexplainable happened I need help
Honey
something is controlling me and i need someone’s help
I probably worry too much. Part two.
Heaven is Real, But There's a Catch
the artist making art triste
I am leaving the Woods' residence. Now.
I know the truth about the Tunguska Event. Because I was there.
Infestation
Beware the White Noise
Her name is Chase Collins
I'm a Patient at Brentworth Hospital and Something is Very Wrong!
Can falling asleep to sleep noises trigger sleep paralysis. ADVICE PLEASE!!!
My father hired “the greatest vet in town”. I didn’t meet them until he passed
I’m the monster you feared as children. But I still don’t understand why my kid is afraid of me..
I run a shop for supposedly "cursed" items, so a time-screwing watch wasn't much of a shock.
It's Inside Your House
Twelve Yellow Eyes Stared From The Dark
Summary of my life.
Why Can't They See Me (Part 4)
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told
Robber at 2 - 3 am
The Bigamist Soldier
I thought my dog died
I wish I could dieI wish I could be dead
My husband is still driving but won't stop staring at me (Part 3)
I belong to a fae. I need your help.
this guy I work with has been acting weird
I’m in need of some help
He Took Me To The Woods
Have I Fallen Victim to Stockholm Syndrom?
The Dark Tract
My brothers suicide is not making any sense to me. Part 2: The Lockbox
The Known
I just realized something horrible.
The Dark Past (PART 1)
Some Fit Lass' Diary I Found
There's something weird about our panda.
PLS SOMEONE HELP WITH MY NIGHTMARES
Momma’s Boy
can we post more actual horror stories.
I HAVE JUST FOUND OUT THAT THE DEATH THRETS IVE BEN GETTING ARE FAKE,DONE BY S..I.S
I learned in the most ghastly way imaginable why the customer is always right
A Quick Encounter
The blood. Oh my god the blood.
There is something in my backyard
I Lost My Way Home, But I Vividly Remember Where It Was.
My Confession
A flash before it
Beach House Horror
The Demons Within.
I Found A Mans Journal In My Desk (Part 1)
Welcome to your final day of training!
Don't Let Them Know You're Hungry
I’m being hunted by the US government for discovering that aquifers don’t exist
The Woman in the White Dress
Fiancée sleepwalked into the basement, the next day I hear my own voice come from down there.
My Daughter Brought Home A Mystery Box
This is not a healing pool. It's a labyrinthine conclusion..
Whatever is happening isn’t good (1/10)
Fatal Attraction
I started living with my boyfriend during quarantine. Or so I thought.
I went on a trip to Troller's Gill, UK.. I didn't find what i expected....
The Sleep Control Corporation
The Phantom Train of Roanoke
Everyone keeps dying around me. I tried grief counseling, but that ended up making things worse.
The Amaranthine Report - JOSS 2
I Saw My Deceased Grandmother
My little brother started speaking backwards.
The afraid demon
The Most Intelligent Conversation You Can Find
This post shouldn’t be allowed.
Johnny Skin Scraper
The Haunted VR Headset - Trigger Warning
Happiness in a Pill Bottle
I came into contact with a ghost
The Down Under
Am I the jerk for sending this unrequited love note?
The scary thing on my phone
I ordered some meth off the dark web
There’s Dead Birds at My Window
Something Squalid Happened In My Tavern I Will Never Forget (part 2)
I broke the rules at the haunted house I work at.
Ingrown Toenail
I have severe depression.
I'm a detective, the case I'm working on makes no sense.
The Hatchlings. Part 2
There's something in my home town
Spent the night at a creepy old life saving station
321-000-9966
Accidently Summoning a Demon (true story)
Pox.
Don’t listen to the PeopleEatPeople Podcast
Review of a Hong Kong Hotel - Spooky
Dark, Empty, And Dim With Sadness
I found a USB laying on my desk...
I Work at a Casino: My First Gamble and the Degloving Box
*UPDATE* I'm not so sure what this is anymore. At first I thought I was being hacked/trolled/deepfaked (for reasons beyond me) but now I don't know. Putting this on record to keep updates as current as possible.
The Machine
Happy. Healthy.
The ghost of a dog welcomed me on a campground.
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. I might need some help.
Help! my family slowly getting replaced
Table 16
Soooo... I accidentally started a cult 😬
Help. My helicopter crashed, and now I'm facing a real life Japanese style movie style creature.
8 years ago I saw a UFO, a week ago it came back
People keep staring at me and I don’t know why
We Both Shall Live
Derrick and the dark thing
The past is the present
The worst heist I've ever been a part of
If you don't see the doll, LEAVE NOW!
The Thing that ate the Donner Party
The Screaming Shadow (part 1)
Little Dead Nancy Part Two
Something Dark Following me and my family
how i ended up in jail wearing nothing but a shit-covered foam finger
It’s Just The Dark Getting Settled
I saw the naked woman for the last time today.
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 2)
The time I visited my rural cousins
I don’t know the meaning of it.
the aghainst
Hey, since you can't sleep, use your time to read a story I just made XD
Therapy Session
Ernie
?!?Whatever happened with The Strangest Security Tape I've Ever Seen?!?
I bought a new house but someone left me a sheet of rules. Part 1
My dog has gained one pound a day for the past two weeks. Update
(No context) I almost sent this to my girlfriend, but I don't want to burden her talking about my dreams.
What happened after 'That weird ass deployment'
Weeping Willow
A true dream
Working at an amusement park: I got fired
We no longer talk about the tunnel
Why do people think I'm crazy?
A Quiet Life
The lady who watches me sleep won't go away
Whisper of Fear
Black Eyes and Bright Lights
I was contacted by someone who buys Pokemon cards. I shouldn’t have accepted their offer.
I've found a knife under my bestfriend's bed and I'm scared
The thing in the hidden room. (Part 1)
My Old Friend Left his Phone at his School. A Teacher Keeps Chasing Me.
A tech startup told us we could talk to the dead with the help of Virtual Reality
A message to Emma
The doctors told the amputee he might experience a phantom limb from time to time. Nobody prepared him for the moments though, when he felt cold fingers brush across his phantom hand.
I ordered a steak, now my life is ruined
the lockers (part 1)
I'm never taking the bus again
The Reason Why I Can't Go Outside At Night
The ApartmentRoyal
I live in a small mountain town (Part 3)
The Ghost Train Fire Of 1979
A cup of tea
My friend invited me to babysit. The house has some weird rules.
What is heaven?
Something Scratches at my Window Every Night at 2:30
Things that Hide teaser
Visiting Camp Bumblebee
Don't make a sound
Can will overpower the brain?
A Lamprey Controls My Life
I am a sex worker. And I broke into my Madame's office.
There's Something Weird Going On In My Neighborhood (part one)
The strange woman from my dream is real (Part 1)
Google Earth could’ve saved my best friend
The Black Pills Part 7
People in my city are disappearing.
How stalking almost killed me
It came from the woods
The abandoned cabin along FS472 (edited)
The fireworks have been getting closer and closer, and they’re starting too not sound like fireworks anymore….
I start hearing happy music every night..
We put papers into a folder, to keep them from getting folded...
My 10 year old friend who was trapped by his mother's spirit ("HANDS!")
Don't go in the birch woods
When the Lights Go Out
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted (Part 4)
My Town Is Strange
This happened about 5 minutes ago.
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part One
The Lost Elevator
I disproved sleep
Everything Is Blurry Except Those Who Stalk Me
We Kidnapped A Girl For Ransom. I Still Regret It. PART 3
The Dancing Arms Sing
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 6
The Elevator Game: Take Me Back (Part 6)
I Have A Second Shadow
Menny me,. Meeny memy memy memy men
A Case of Fate
There is no sound outside
Children See Things We Cant
Never go to Channel 407
I can’t remember the outside world
Death’s Gambit
Delhi's "Lady in white".
“There was nothing.”
The Devil's VHS Tape
The Ratworm
I tried the ‘Strange Face in the Mirror-illusion’, but I think I did something wrong
Abandoned Mansion Poltergeist.
We got a new vending machine at work
My new town changes when the sun sets for 2 months (Pt 2)
S-A-N-T-A
There are humans running around outside, eating other humans.
I saw the devil of luck.
I have memories of a man who isn't real
I felt a Witch paralyze me when I was a kid
I was getting stuff from a dead family member didnt go that good
My Girlfriend Can't Sleep Part2
I was clinically dead for longer than I thought possible...
He deserves it
My Ex-Girlfriend was insane... Was...
Don't Snitch
Simon the clown🤡🤡
Read This On Own Risk
The forgotten library
The blackout killed my brother
how the (All)mighty has fallen....
A Woman Knocked on My Door at 2 a.m. I Let Her In.
A Nightmare of the Other Earth (prelude)
This is why I don't go camping anymore
Stalked.
There's No Sun Anymore
I don’t know if I was meant to survive that accident
Instagram chain mails are not always a joke
The story of Sarah and the demon in her house.
The Hanged Man's Harvest
I just moved into a new apartment. Something is wrong with the property manager. (Part 2)
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for Rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 5)
I'm afraid to go to sleep tonight.
Friend kills and rapes woman for filming me masterbaitm
Love
Tales From A Lonely Motel Part 2
Some shit I wrote but it took enough time from me, so I won't discard it
My Boy
I work at the Darabont County Archives - Part ThreeI’ve seen the same little girl asking me for help in the store since I was seventeen. I’m thirty-two now.
If you ever see a strange man that offers you a Delivery Job, and he doesn’t say what’s in the Box, Get as far away as possible, and call the Police. (Part II)
Unexplainable Occurrences in an Average Childhood.
I made a deal with Jesus Christ...
"With Us Now"
Talking head
The Mykonos Wind
The People Will Not Know
If you see a new cryptocurrency called FALL get listed on your exchange, don't buy it
The red cloaks are in town (part 4)
My First Day of Sleep Paralysis.
I cant find this story!!!! please help me
I send you to hell
If only sleeping had gone like any normal night.
Tura O
The Bradbury Hotel - (Part one)
Lately My Patient’s Have Been Unusual, Last Night I Figured Out Why.
Teeth.
The Hollow-Out
Oopsy daisy
Sleep paralysis story
Prologue: The Grim Reaper
Birthday Backrooms
Someone dug a 6 foot hole in my garden
I just moved into a different town. This place is not normal.
You have the most beautiful eyes.
Delilah Breathed
The woman who never took off her wedding dress is my wife
The girl in the attic
I thought it was all religion, now I hope it was all coincidence. Reupload because I didn't read rule
Not a fairytale after all (Part Four)
I found this set of rules on Reddit a week ago and if I didn’t, I think I would have died.
(Actual Help) Weird deja Vu like dreams?
the royal blue letter {part two}
My Friend Drake
New home, new faces?
A Sickening Problem
We make Jackalopes for tourists
Marilyn Rose Pope Kisses a Vampire, and it was Maybe, Totally an Accident
It was September 11th 2020...
The Spanish Peaks..
I Am Not Controlling
Life inside the screen
My friend took some pills to study for an exam. Then he started to lose body parts.
No sleep...literally
I got a DM one day
I need to convince my girlfriend to take her stalker more seriously.
There’s something under Lake Lawtonka that I still can’t explain...
My dog Buddy, or so I thought was my dog.
Remember when? (Part 1)
Picking Up Hitchhikers Is Always A Gamble
Erectile Dysfunction
My friend allegedly saw a Goatman vs a Werewolf...EPIC!!!
Night
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 2)
The Clock
Every year my city holds a battle royale (part 1)
Heavy Snowfall
I Accidentally Killed A Narcissist With My Thoughts. I Guess I‘ve Found My Purpose In Life.
If you haven't read this book yet, you have missed a lot
The Thing From The Forest Changed My Life For The Better (Complete Edition)
HELP WANTED at the Sage Villa Apartments
I was sent to a summer camp,or that's what I thought... (PART 4)
Wo-mask: chapter 1.
Do You Experience Sleep Paralysis?
The Delivery- Part II
Class time..
The Sixth Shadow
An unwelcome guest
Mr. Lore: My sister is sad, so I'm sad
Would you like to go back?
Daddy’s Home
Just a bird?
Wagner's Hill
The Hauntings Of Miskatonic University By AdelSalim01
I participated in a government experiment...
The river behind the houses is humming.
Emily, Again (I just ran into my dead wife)
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. Today I opened it and went inside.
I'm being hunted by... something...
Don’t take the Pepsi in the fridge
COVID-19 turned my colleagues into zombie like beings
Night Terrors
A spooky book changed my life: *Part 2* The Mexican and the Bear
The time I had to disappear because Of the deep web
My past keeps changing and I cant do anything about it
Something followed me from the morgue. Part 1.
Strange Photoshoot
The Totally Avoidable Pandemic
My Mom Ran Out in Anger and she didn't Come Back Right
"The Demon Race" - Mr. Nightstalker
The Candyman - how cotton candy ruined my life.
Something weird happened in the woods...
I got my ten-year-son enrolled in a coding class. He almost turned everyone into zombies. Until he nearly killed himself.
my horror story with kraken
I want you guys to take a look at this.
Everything in this world is connected via strings which limit our senses and generate an automated response to most of the actions!
The Shadow Man That Watches Me Sleep
The catwoman
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity.
The Silencing Howls
'A Haunted Poem' by my 11 year old daughter CB.
My Aunt is A Serial Killer
I bought groceries for my local pizza shop during quarantine. This is what made me quit.
Welcome Back.
The Lord is my Shepherd
We tell everyone my scar is from a bad bout of sleepwalking, but I know better.
My Mums Mum
My first story, constructive criticism appreciated
Left home alone for the first time
Something is in my bed, Prologue
I don't think my brother committed suicide.
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum”
There's something in my house...and i know why its here
I’m a ‘Rock-Collector’. I hunt the nightmare boulders of the black beach.
My boyfriends dreams are starting to scare me
Every morning,I find a box with a severed child's limb in it on my porch
the scare
A Trip To The Doctors
The children of wal-mart
I'm a first year teacher, but you will never believe what I found in my classroom on the first day of school
I think I’m trying to warn myself
My stalker has resorted to terrorizing me with fax messages
I should have gone to the doctor
An old Scandinavian fairy tale about elves
I think my new tattoo is trying to possess me.
Welcome to Bedside Manor
The dead woman
Crawling Nightmares
Don't resist the Thing in the Hospital : 1
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong.
The Spam Callers are Starting to Threaten me.
I reconnected with a childhood friend. She still lives in the same house.
help I keep hearing footsteps in the night
60 seconds to Death
I woke up 9 months pregnant
The Other Mother
Years ago a wave of monsters started appearing. The Next Wave is is our Extinction.
The Witches of Conrado
The excursion into the world beyond
Dont make a sound.....
I’m a new teacher at the Red Grove Boarding School. They have a lot of rules here; and none of them are for the children.
I’m pretty sure I met the devil.
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - All I want for Christmas is my brothers spleen
It came from the bottom of the ocean
I broke into Area 51.. I wish I handn't
The World That Refuses To Stop, A Planet That Moves Forever /No Sleep
What’s Wrong with My Boyfriend
My friend Joe
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 5
My new neighbor won't shut the hell up.
One second I was a man, the next i was a raccoon
I had to kill a person and yield her soul to save my sister
Homeless &amp; Abandoned by Entire nFamily (Part II)
Something strange happened to the town last nightSomething strange happened to everyone in town last night.
Black magic
My Sister’s Tapes
Don't follow instructions from strangers.
I recently got a job as a security guard at a school there was a strange set of rules
Dear Nintendo Two
People are telling me not to open any doors. Im scared.
Natural Law
Sometimes I am Paid to Summon Demons
It feels like its happening all over again...
The Man in the Rainbow Colored Suit
I steal bones and artifacts for a living; There's a big opportunity in the South Pacific. (Part 1/2)
Did You Lock The Door?
The ignored warning
Ansiedad
I thought it was all religion, now I hope it was all coincidence. (100% real)
Demon (Part 4)My phone takes pictures of the afterlife. They want to tell me something. (Part 2)
My Graduate Class Has Been Dying in Mysterious Ways (Part 1)
last monday
The Phantom Cat of Black Mountain Australia
I can still hear Selena's giggles
The trooper on Meyer Road.
There’s something in the storm...
Fitness Test
Pack of rats
The Spider
AD:COME SEE GRAY SNOW IN MASSACHUSETTS
Ramsie Pt 1
Mirrors
“Look at the lions”
▿...that is important not only in music - to try to feel and combine things in new ways
I Found An Old Computer With A Game Called Zonk.
I am the terror in your stories, and this is why. - Wendigo
Sunlight
And I am in a Cage. Part 1 of 2.
A different take on a scary story
I will never visit my grandma for Christmas again
I have always struggled to remember peoples names
Capgras delusion.. can make you to doubt every one in your life.
What is happening
The Ashwater Disappearances are Far Stranger Than We Thought, the Ashwater Tapes (Part 1)
I’ve lived in a subterranean town my whole life. I thought it was the only safe place in the world, but I was wrong.
Live Footage of a Ghost in the Cellar! WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT!Gehénnam
The smile man
A little too fluent (Part 1)
They were ember sparks, not fireflies.
My little problem
I'm Colorblind Except for When I'm Not
Stall
my friend has been acting weird.
The Porcine Horror - 2nd part
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 3)
Choose your movies wisely
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Part 2}
I keep hearing and seeing an emergancy broadcast that no one else can (2)
GI Joe
The Devil
abrupt (part 1, the explanation)
When i was little i fell and hurt myself. I should not have recovered.
BlueLights
The Omegafish left me in a shocked state when I realized it had the blood of something that was supposed to be asleep...
Two college roommates decided to take a summer road trip, it was the worst mistake of their lives.
not sure which subreddit to post this to, but... “Cats Don’t Dance”
What really happened at the lake
Unknown number
Twist in the Tale
Låtsaskompisen
Something Weird Happened Today (Part 1)
Something is in my room. I'm afraid to look at it.
Rules of the Gray Moon Phenomenon
IF YOU CAN READ THIS, PLEASE ■■■■■■■■
I read a story on nosleep but had the nightmare two weeks before
Nothing's there
Hello From Siren!
The long-necked woodsman
I heard a weird voice while driving to virgina
I’ve been burdened with you would call a gift
I’m never (and I can’t stress this enough) visiting a haunted house again.
Frame - The Third Night
ButtThe blue light in 4h30 am
Running away, pt. 1
Can you hear me? Good, It means you´re capable.
Beneath the peach trees
"I've made mistakes, Ara"
I have a problem with an ex and I dont know how to get rid of her
I moved and horror movies came to life
Lucid dreaming is MUCH darker than i could ever imagine, and now i'm terrified to go to sleep PART 1
The banshee
I don’t hike like I used to...
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 4)
It started with the whispers and then grew to something worse
Never stay for after school tutoring.
My brother knocks on my door every night.
rules for new night security at disney world
I googled my birthday. I didn't expect the article I found
Don’t post anything on r/nosleep. Unless you are ready to face your own posts.
The house I inherited has no doors, yet I can still hear them open and close.
THERE ARE NO SONGS AT THE END
Serious help, please.
The Beach Is Closed
I sent a hitman to kill my stepdaughter. I should have done it myself.
My Dad told .d too never look into the pipe. I fgt
Favors For Norse Gods: The Wild Hunt (Part 1)
The door in the forest
Isn't it funny how certain smells can trigger a memory?
If you hear crying and scratching from the inside of a truck trailer, do not investigate it. I already made that mistake.
Trailhead
I Stole a Laptop, and Now my Life is in Danger
Shards of Broken Glass
God Appeared in the Sky and Spoke to the World (Part 1)
I was part on an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean... I was the only survivor PART 5
My Sister
My dad
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 3)
I got pulled over for drunk driving the other night and I think something awful happened.
I recently wrote a book about my near death experience
We shouldn't have gone into the corn field (Part 1)
Nobody Remembers This Elementary School Computer Game
Our basement causes amnesia to everyone in my family except me. What happens down there is terrifying.
LEAKED CLASSIFIED NASA DOCUMENT.
The Horrible Truth About My School’s Basement: 25 Years Later (Epilogue)
Ten years ago, I spoke to... something otherworldly. What it said will haunt me forever.
Someone Steals my Dance Instructor's Shoes, The Thief Screams When I Find Out
We're in the wrong Chicago. We went to the Art Institute.
I will die soon ( edited)
Turns out my Pastor has been lying about his Near Death Experience.
I was the sole survivor of a summer camp massacre in the 80s. Tonight I go back there.
Never going to my grandmas house again
The Pigman
I'm starting to see clones of myself. Am I just hallucinating?
They locked down our entire town and put a wall around it. It won't be enough to save the world.
Guys, do you know who this is?
The Drawings on the Wall
Are pedos the closest like ghost entities?
Can any9ne help me out here?
the baby phone incedent ( actually true )
ADDICTED 2 CONTROL
My parents brought home artifacts from an ancient civilization. A mummified head is tormenting me.
Haachama handed me a balloon
afsasdffffffff
I found something in the worm box
The Black Cloud
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land.
A Girl At My School Is Going To Kill Me
I Think It's Coming Back Pt. 1
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong : Current Time Part 2
I've been sent on an expedition to the bottom of the ocean, this is my big chance.
Help !!!
A Scratching at the Door (part 1)
Creepy old video I found on youtube
There Might be Something Wrong with My Date from Last Night
Terrifying Near Abduction
The night that caused neverending dreams. PART ONE
Torn Skin
The Cartel and the demise of Alejandro, a pedophile.
The Cosmic Beyond
Horror short film. Sleep Well. Help us get to 10k views!! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WwkYQOavOys
My Last Pizza Delivery Shift Ended in an Unexpected Trip to Hell
I can't shake a feeling. It started 3 hours ago.
The night I was in a real life slasher film
I can't move or see anymore, and it's really cold.
The family tradition
There is a doll in my family that has caused us nightmares...my brother went into a coma because of it
Not Today...
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. One of the regulars told me he had a doppelgänger.
My Mother and I
There's A New Drug In Town. Part Two.
I had a guy follow me through the forest until I got to my house. Then he waited.
Questioning My Reality
My Sister's Death Was a Miracle
The "truth" fairy
The demon-ghost wants me to date him?!??!?
Always With Us
While installing a new ride at my family's waterpark, we woke something evil that laid dormant. I think it's in my house.
Just Once More
I regret finding out why we weren't supposed to go down to the river.
Please Avoid the Man in the Green.
The Sak-N-Go Chronicles
Has anybody ever heard of the website “The Reject’s Room”?
When Cherry Blossoms Fall Under a Full Moon
I have played Roller Coaster Tycoon since I was a kid. I now understand why it is so deeply important to me.
Staying in Hotel Rooms Make Me Anxious
There's Only 1 Exit to the Deepest Part of the Paris Catacombs
My wife hasn’t come home in 3 days, and the hospital she works at won’t tell me anything but I got this terrifying phone call from her cell and I’m freaking out
I’m on a sinking ship, and I like it
My principal spared my life. I wish he hadn’t
Hey
I'm not sure what's going on
Drifting away from my normal
Black
When I’m stressed out, apparently I turn into a monster.
Why I'm no longer an organ donor.
Worst Week of My Life
The Snow
Beasts of Big Shoals Park
I am a sex worker. Sometimes I get the strangest clients.
Flesh
Our town secret is so secret, we didn't even know it.
The old women
The Siege of Area 51 Will Not End Well Final Part
There's Something Wrong With This Hotel (Part 2)
How I Lost My Wife
My past life.
The Shootings Getting Closer.....
someone broke into my house and now they won't let me leave
When My Muse Became My Incubus (NSFW)
She didn't run away (Part 1 /2)
Psyche
My friends and I were hired to break into a house, but out of the three of us, only four made it out alive
This is it
Where Is Ishii?
My Deep Woods Experience - Final, Part 4
I'm stuck in my apartment and there are armed guards keeping us in, and strange creatures roaming the hallways also keeping us in, please help (Part 2)
“Push”
I thought it was just apart of my sleep paralysis..
Those Screams
"The Untitled Document" Inside of the Bunker. Entry Three
Sometimes when I look in the mirror I don't see myself
My girlfriend promised never to twerk again and the reason why will make you sick.
My friend told me not to look out any windows until 6 PM. I did.
Never Mind the Floating Man
i went in the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i encountered was not human
I've Been Driving for So Long. I Think I'm the Cause (Finale)
Inhuman
Never leave a chair empty at night. You don't know who might take a seat
I need inspiration guyss
Military time meant something different to my employers
A Crow Brought Me an Eyeball.
I Awoke to a Stranger in My Bedroom
I think my boyfriend and I are stuck in a post-coital nightmare. We don't know what to do.
Don't go urban exploring in New Jersey
The Shadow on the Hill
My Super Strange Dreams
In my town, there's a legend about a creature that poisons you, and takes over your mind and body, destroying anything that gets in it's way. I didn't believe that legend, until it showed up in my bedroom.
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land.
Hi I have a question, the app Idle Trains realy pay? thanks for your help
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo
The Mysterious House
I think I met a man that cannot die and now i'm scared
This new guy at the pub is freaking me out
POLYBIUS is real... I must destroy it
MonsterX28
Someone is Killing my Neighbors with a Captive Bolt Gun in our Apartment Complex. (Part 1)
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down
My stupid human shiftmate is missing, and i just got pepper sprayed
I'm all alone in the house and I just hear someone cough
G
They are in Earth's orbit
Welcome to Sun Smiles Corporation.
I found this really cool philosophy discord. They talk mostly about Stoic philosophy but also all philosophy, current events, and generally just chat. Lots of cool people who love philosophy and someone is always online. Thought I would share.
What you can dream.
I think there’s a place between my flat and my neighbor’s
The creature in the wood
Do not look for the lost pyro
Shadow person
My cousin checked a local urban legend. He's been missing for months.
The Nightmare Merchant
Alaskan guide, Trapper, and Monster Hunter (Part 2)
The Ones With the Ax’s
Scary story. WARNING
There’s something behind my house and people are watching me.
Grandma's 911 Calls: "It isn't a person."
You don’t want to be on the naughty list
We dont go to Pittsburg anymore....
I’ll never forget those eyes
Refinery
Im never camping again. Ever
There's a disease spreading through my street. (pt. 1)
The Knocks
The Records of Sam Parks - The Crying Lady
Government secrets
I've been stuck in my flat for a month and the only thing I can do is livestream (part 2)
There’s Something Sinister About My Horoscope.
My grandfather hates the smell of rain, and now I do too (Part1)
The Elevator at Work Stopped on the 13th Floor. There isn't a 13th Floor. FINAL
MY SISTER HANA PART 2
I'm Lily Madwhip and My Life's a Beach
The Hills Are Burning
Me and my friend recorded a video and it didn't come out right...
Every Morning Something Strange Happens on My Commute
My Bleeding Heart
Not a lucid dream
The Burden: CabinView
My neighbour sits in their car every Monday outside, pumps music out for five seconds at a time.. full volume.. every 20 minutes
Snakeskin
Winter is coming...
Scary story
The Woman Who Weeps
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders.
A man didn't care
When The Clock Strikes 5:00
Things are weird at Fort Bliss, and I don't know what to do. (1)
Welcome to the Norwegian Expanse
How Were You Told About The Passing Of A Friend?
Dead in the bedroom
The Embedded Thing
5 minutes.
My friend and I were exploring an abandoned shack, but he never came back...
Highway 42.05 is no longer protected
I AM AN EXPERT THIEF. WHAT I ROBBED MADE ME QUIT
Ten
can't sleep. do I just stare off into oblivion
Narcolepsy
It's Still Down There
Don’t feed them after midnight.
Let Me Just Drop This Quick Little Rant and Come Back Soon
NOVA_MYSTERY is typing
There’s an active shooter in the building
Dream One
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened Yet (Pt. 1)
Substitute. (Part 4)
Uncreate
I switched phones with a stranger at a coffee shop
It should have been me.
The first rain
Something wants me to stay in the dark. Very Short Story
Then Uninvited Villager..
My favourite song
I was stalked by the Brussels sprout that I refused at Christmas dinner.
Do not look at the sunset
I'm a bad rapper plus mad demon trapper
Is anything real?
UpdateMeBot here! New changes, plus I need your help!
About Sasha
Then the Earth Shook
Something in the dark *part 2*
Dr. Diablo's Demonic Dong
Think twice before replying to your bitch exes messages.
My subdivision has a creepy secret
My friend isn't himself - Final
Kung Fu Frightening
Therapy Session A27b: Mr. Alvarez - The Spectacle
A pirates unlucky life
I'm a detective's son, and I think I'm onto something.
The Little Boy in the Bathroom
I was only helping my son fall back asleep
Spook The Killer
I am stationed at a secret location called the Pig Pen. This is the reason why we don't live in the Cardboard House anymore.
It Called To Me, Part Three
Are creepy pastas/no sleeps getting less creepy ? Or am I just a hardened veteran of the like .plz link the scariest shit you can find
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, the little girl won’t leave my front door.
Uncanny Valley (Part 1)
I Work at the Brimstone Tavern, Never Touch An Object that's Been Left Behind
The Tree in the Hall, and the Fear that Followed
Hell On Earth
How my catch up with high-school friends went so very wrong. PART 1
My friends may be DEAD because of ME and I hope to Post More
Growing up, I was told to never close my eyes in the shower
I haven’t woken up from my night terror yet
15 Tapes, 3 Murders
Why was my son’s head found hanging from a tree.
I have a mirror and the reflection doesn’t always match mine
What lurks by the Chernobyl nuclear power plant (part 1)
Travel North While Not Heading North.
Who Saved Who By Jeremiah Peplow
I’m concerned I may be tapping into a parallel universe/ alternate reality
They do exist.. They were just waiting
The Woman in My Left Ear
The Woods
A Most Extreme Haunted House
the dating sim i found
Seriously can you guys even name your stories? Or even try
Controller almost blows up in my hands
I sometimes think of horrible things. A lot goes through my head, if I acted upon my thoughts I’d be dead.
In the Woods
Slender man
There are clowns hunting me down
Im innocent right?
Spoiled Cotton
Am I Crazy? Is there something living with me?
The First Time My Father Saw a Skinwalker
We Don't Know Why The Phonograph Plays Frank Sinatra At Midnight...All We Do Know Is To Hide
i took a pill to cheat on a test but the test never ends
My aunt left me some strange notebooks
My brother is my hero, part 2.
Cartoon Creepypasta..
In need of help.
Ambulance Ride
Sleep Sound, My Child.
Don't go to the forest
Oh my Darling (Part 1)
The Bald Man. By Wallace Grimm
I watch people in cages (Part 2)
The rules to survive a day in my home
Everytime I go to bed, I hear stompingNot all our patients are crazy: part 1
What's the frequency Kenneth?
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 3.
A Story I Found In My Old Google Drive
Berries
I think time is crumbling apart around me...
I contacted my grandmother using an ouija board.. big mistake
What if it is Just a Simulation?
3232020
Raunächte
No Good Will Come of This (1/3)
He told me I was special but I didn't want to be (Pt 3)
The thing in my house
BLYTHEGARDEN LOG 192: I, The Endless Automaton
Forgiveness At My Father's Deathbed
Kid screaming outside my house?
Problem in a small town 1
I'm A Death Coach
I’ve never been afraid of basements until I went into the basement at work
There is No Third Floor
I work nightshift at a news hotline, today I got a weird call.
Here's my first story, i had a few inspirations making it.
By 1948, beheading by the guillotine was still the official form of capital punishment in France. I was an executioner.
AFTER HOURS PART 1
Need help identifying sleeping disorder!
I live in Area 51
this world is cruel pt.1
I helped my childhood best friend commit murder, and I can’t handle the guilt anymore.
Boris
I have never turnex it off i have never turned if offf off i have rnevrt turnec of oaaaa
Death has followed my every step, and I'm starting to think she's just my shadow Part 2
I Named Him Don
If I’m Going Out, It Ain’t Gonna Be Here...(Part One)
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...My Goddess is protecting me, and no one else
My son’s teacher sent me a letter about his behaviour in school. It had some pretty disturbing stuff in it.
What goes bump at night?
My friend is missing and I need help.
My neighbor keeps meowing in the middle of the night and yelling at the dude who lives above her.
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail (part 4)
Bar shooting
The Family That Lives North Of The North Pole
Whatever i do,it won't come off!
I hooked up with a hot girl, but she has some weird rules she wants me to follow
2 Sentence Horror Stories - #1
Weird helicopter like sound
Never enter a stronghold after 1:00 am
A popular review site removed my review, but I need to share my experience at the nail salon
NEVER shine a torch up a tree at night
Feeling like a Felon
I work for a company that deals with the paranormal. I've been authorized to share with you about some of the things we do.
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six A
I Never Knew why they Threw Vegetables in the Murky Pond Now I Know
The Sunken
it's all real...
I found a journal from the Middle Ages, written by someone who was born in 1996
The Chalava
Don't trust your instincts.The Shoreside Corpse
Please don’t fuck with Bloody Mary.
The Game Of Deception
My Girlfriend Has Become the Vessel for Some Primordial Greek Evil (part 2)
I found a strange message on my way home from school and there was a body attached 1/2 reupload bc of issues
femcan story i wrote
The thing in the woods
I Can’t Count In My Head
My Mom’s Animal Sanctuary: Encounter
The Curse Of The Forced Feeding of Hyenas
I can feel energy's and I don't know what to do anymory
My grandmother wasn’t joking
The bloodstained antler in the woods
My Home Smart System Creates Disasters. I'm Terrified to Find Out What It Says Next.
The gargoyles were supposed to protect us, but now I know the truth.
Mr. Puppet
The thing that followed me...
Lucky Ricky's Pennies New Year advertisement
The Demon Of Sweets
I was curious about how serial killers think, but wish I hadn't asked
IT will always haunt you (edited repost)Strictly Confidential - False Alarm
I had this really surreal dream back in 2018-2019
Something is ruining my life and killing my family. I might be next.
I can't fucking sleep
I work as a paramedic, this pandemic is just the beginning!
I once knew a man named Seein' Joe. He could see the future, but his vision failed him when it mattered most.
The Figures (Part 3)
The Foreign Student
I worked in a very ordinary bookshop and now I’m stuck there
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week. FINAL
"Rebirth" by me, I'm 14 and this is my first time posting, plz be nice
WHY_ME_?
A little spin I gave to a story of 11 people found hanging in the same home. In Burari, New Delhi.
Mommy, I'm so hungry
Emilia Vol. 2. Present. 5/25/2020 12:something my eyes are going!
Hallmark images
Drink.
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal
Accepting yourself is scarier than you think.
Theres a new discord for all nighters
Sometimes I fall out of our dimension...
Broody
if I quit, I could die (part 2)
Black Windows: So It Goes
I've Been Seeing Myself Dead for Three Days Now
I got a birthday gift from a stranger, along with rules for survival.
I visited my old childhood house today, and I don’t want to go back.
DO NOT open emails you weren’t expecting, you’ll get more than you bargained for.
Blood Law (Part Three)
I'll never forget
Accounts from the Middle of Nowhere
I'm a Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 3)
Dont follow that head
My family and I moved into my grandfather's old hunting cabin
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota
I won a raffle that I never entered.
How long can i sleep?
Strange dream
Mouse Trap
My boyfriend's poltergeist is now mine, and that's okay.
The Dead Zone (Part One)
I Think My Wife 28F Is Cheating On Me, What Do I Do?
What happened too me part 1
I killed a werewolf, and now I can't get enough.
The Banging Won’t Stop.
I'm an Arms Dealer and I Met Death, in Person
My intention with Moroccan legend Aicha Kandisseh {Part 1}
The Neon Man Won't Let Me Live (Finale)
Don't go out.
The First Account of the Memory Program
Beautiful Dreams
Dad is watching over me when I sleep, what should I do?
The City of Snakes
How a raven helped me find a murderer
The Attic
Bad Seeds
the laughter experiment
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland... and I've sailed the storm to the 'other side'...
"We Were Wrong About the Zombie Apocalypse" - Rewritten
"Come to Manhattan Amusement Park! You'll have a scary good time on all our new rides!"
Maxwell.
The Blue Ooze
Tell me who your friends are and I'll tell you who you are
We arent the only thing inhabiting this world. And whatever else lives here dont like us
does any one else close one eye when they read?
One
The Mother Of All Halloweens
Multiplayer Millionaire
My Work is Haunted
Don't Go in The Attic (Pt 2)
There is a shadow person haunting me help
Something isn't right in my neighborhood
My Hair Is Growing Into My Brain
They told me the VHS I bought wasn't technically a snuff film. Maybe it'd be better if it was.
The world is safe forever.
A Beggars Bargain.
Don't Listen To It...
I didn't want to write this.
I always thought when I woke from my coma i would be greeted by my family...
Mimic
I went to a catholic boarding school. The city that floated
As part of a strange medical study, I was offered $5,000 to be killed and revived in the hopes of discovering the afterlife. What I experienced will haunt me for the rest of my years.
The horror of being related to a Hellenic family
They only reported 3 victims
CHILD ABUSE
My Husband And I Bought An Abandoned Psychiatric Hospital, Everything Was Going Well Until It Didn't.
The previous homeowners left some EBS Tapes when they moved out. I wished they took them...
There is an unwanted guest in my house, and they won't leave
Hotel Scary Story
There's another...like me?
The McDonald’s that Saved my Life, Maybe
I hear voices in my sleep
There's something seriously wrong with my boyfriend
The Green Street GhostI Lived in a Secretly Quarantined City (Part 2)
The shadow boy
I heard a voice in my head today. Can someone tell me if I’m going crazy? (Part 1)
“Ralph was that you?” (Part 1)
The Horse?!? Outside My Window
Hana: The Beyond
Sorry. I'm so sorry, so so sorry.
If your hideously wrinkled zit starts talking to you, I don’t recommend cutting off your ears
My Name is Pebcak and I'm a Moderator Here At NoSleep. I Want to Clear Some Things Up.
I went hunting for Champ in Lake Champlain. I found something much more terrifying.
MY NEIGHBOR IS THE SHADOW
My Friend Is A Skin Walker.
If you move to this town, don't talk to the neighbors.
Whatever is in the bedroom, it isn't my mom.
There's a House of Mirrors in my local library but it isn't as fun as it sounds
The Truth Of Our World, Our Species, And The Purpose Of Our Being
I took my boyfriend out for dinner. I’ll miss him.
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out.
One Way To The Darkness
My best friend is an assassin. I’m a kindergarten teacher. We work as partners.The instructor
The Botanist- Part 1
I regret moving to Alaska (3)
I found an astronaut hitchhiking on the road. He was wearing his suit on.
Something went wrong when I learned to code
I Have Sleep Paralysis. Something Has Been Happening.
I visited my best friend after 5 years..something made her a lunatic (Part 2)
Toby (p. 1)
10 years ago on this day I performed the world's highest skydive. Something so unexplainable happened that I was forced to keep my mouth shut.
The picker
I doubt you know if drug buyers guide is valid or otherwise not ?
"Welcome To Hallows!"
Something happened in the delivery room that the nurses and I will never talk about.
Fireplace Friend
Peeping Tom
The Blue Pills
I tried to warn them. No one listened.(part 1)
Im honestly choosing to leave this Reddit page because none of the stories here are that good or interesting please leave me some actualy scary weird or interesting subreddits if you know any please dm me them
The girls in my town and turning up dead and I need to put a stop to it.
I think my incestuous brother is the ‘animal' killing people on campus, and only I can stop him.
The rules to surviving Nigh Shift Maccas.
Lady Dragora
I just graduated from medical school, and this is the moment when I understood what it all meant
Why Can't You Remember When You Fall Asleep?
I found something in an abandoned office building and I need help.
The Printer
I’ve been trapped inside an Empty Prison for the past two years. We should never have tried to escape. Part 2.
The Midnight Game - Part Three
I hear a voice from my bedroom window.
Music To Sleep
YOUR E M I L Y
Help me find a nosleep story?
TICONDEROGA
Maligate the clock demon (my first story I've ever write)
there’s a man and a little girl in my house. i’m the only one that can see them. part 2
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage.
I think I'm being held hostage at work
An Unassuming Door To The Underworld (Part 1 of 3)
They call me the Best Ghost Hunter in England... this case was missing a ghost. FINAL PART
A good day.
I found a severed head in a field, and set out on a journey to reunite it with its body
Ever since I was a child I was obsessed with mountainsCreeping Charlie Part1
I'm on a plane and I think my Pilot is possessed
I’ve been living like this for God knows how long anymore...
Am I psycic? Possible glitch in the matrix?
Something bad happened last night.
Are we all in a movie?
Don't Ever Go Hunting Alone
Niggers
Dead Planet
Specemen 124
Jadwiga's House
It Wasn't The Wind...
hi
I think my neighbor is slowly going insane.
The 1 hour call that changed my life..
Don't Go Night Skiing in the Adirondacks: Part One
Mary and Carly
Watch Your Windows
My sleep paralysis experience
It Took My Brother Being in Danger for Me to Accept Our Gift
Do Not Enter
Horror In Oregon
I pretend to have cancer to get matches on Tinder
Scared after watching once upon a time in Hollywood
Never visit the abandoned radio tower.
Shadow Man. Silhouette with a Hat.
The Unvailing
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult
The Smell In My Space Ship
Red Terror
The River...
The Walking hell 1-Give in
It happens to all of us, for some reason, I remember.
The trees are whispering my family's names
Home in The Mountains (pt 1)
I went on a trip a couple years ago , this is what I saw
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
I think a spirit or something evil possesses my mirror. Please help..
That Thing walking around isn't me, help
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?- Episode 2
I Met the Man from my Childhood Night Terrors
My friends and I got locked in school - part 2
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me
Director of Self-aware Machine Distress Persuasion. Pt. 1
There is a black cat under my bed
The creepy foreskin
the thing in the shower
After my Aunt Died my Uncle Started to Work on Morgue, Now I Know Why
Heard a faint moaning/whistling noise outside my house at night.
Entry #1 - From the Journal of Ignatius Peterson
The writhing
I'm Michael Crane, the boy who disappeared 15 years ago
Behind Your Eyes
Can anyone see this? Update.
Dangerous creatures live among us. I'm the only one who can spot them.
The Cabin (Part 2)
Repost: I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away, I found a strange set of rules.... (part 3)
I found out who runs the internet..
I spoke with a strange man who told me something very disturbing.
I was woken up by a notification, now I'm too scared to go back to sleep...
Some things to know about the 51st State
The House With The Missing Brick
Every man in my family drowns on his 33rd birthday. Tomorrow I turn 33...
I took another walk at my grandparents place. Something else is out there.
Kids keep going missing in my town
Red Cliffs Jane Doe
I fell off the wagon after nearly five years, and things have gotten really weird.
I hunted down one of my critics. Now they breathe through their ear.
My pet rabbit has a gambling addiction. He wants my foot because he thinks it's a good luck charm.
I now believe in curses.
Reddit Verify Disconnection
My face
Puff, puff, passout
“I” am writing the best songs I've ever written.
Sleepover Story
The Scarman
Death of a ChampionI’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 6
Get out of the SLC area!
Unsettling Airbnb Incident--Some FBombs are dropped
Coon
Where can I purchase Strangers Diary in India?
Pride
Lost in suburbia hell
What The Living Eat
part of my story, looking for answers
When my Aunt Martha went missing, I inherited her house. I wish I hadn't inherited what was inside it.
Why my school was torturing children
Confession of a teenage Seer
http://973-eht-namuh-973.com
I’ve been to the end of the rainbow. There are things there you don’t want to meet.
Why do gay people do this
Global warming has more repercussions than you would think.
My Son is Growing Up So Fast
The strange rules at my workplace have rules within them.
I witnessed something in my apartment when I was home alone today and I am completely dumbfounded
I make masks, but not these recent ones
I caught something disturbing on my pet cam
I started talking to the dead
My cave diving expedition
You be gay
The reason I'm never going to babysit again. Ever.
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. I think I’m going to need more than a guide.
Has anyone else noticed that today just feels empty and sad?
r
The Tonight Show With Gibbs Annd Satan (ft. The Wendigo) September 18th 2020
A Mail turned me against The Army Of The Guardian (Part 1)
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 20)
In my earlier years I loved to troll on the internet. I took it too far.
There's something wrong with the local ice-cream truck.
The house I inherited has no doors, yet I can still hear them open and close. It will be the end of me.
The God Chord
I know why the parents abandoned my adopted son. (Part 1)
Things That Scream Loudly
The Old-growth Forest
Blackstone Commercial Isn't as Abandoned as We Thought
I killed him here, in this very hallway with its long red carpet, where the 18th century portraits hang all-knowing...
My recurring Cymbal Monkey dream
I teach an online course in death investigation. One of my students is a serial killer.
Have you ever seen the Void?
One Step Behind. Part Two.
amber alert story
The Boy In The Fire Part.2
I bought a laptop off of eBay and found this weird video on it.
I call them “The Insomniac”.
Skinwalker on mission trip
I was lost in a national park. Those were the scariest and most bizarre two days of my life.
There's a Chair in the Woods That You Should Never Sit On
I've Finally Found Where I Belong
I Saw A Man In The Woods: Chapters 1 &amp; 2
A girl from behind the stove
Predestinizers
I survived a horrible social experiment. This round is slowly becoming a bloodbath.
I love my job and someone gets possessed every three years.
Mystery in Angel Hills: On the second day of Christmas, it became apparent to me, that Two Turtle Doves are something that should never, ever be.
ga,ecube
DO NOT GO OUTSIDE, Amber alert
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 6)
兄弟
If You See Me, Whatever You Do, Please Don’t Make Eye Contact
I Loved Fall
Plae Place-Part 3
I accidentally befriended the new girl at school and it ended up being the biggest mistake of my life
Labyrinth Game Part 3: Still Alive
The Doomsday Shelter
Savernake Haunter
Consumption
I found an book with a cover stating, "damaging to one's cognitive health," and now I"m trying to take it in without the effects
My Nightmare the other night (Real)
Living furniture
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it FINALE (Part 18)
The Boy Who Didn't Exist
I'm a teacher, and my new student won't stop shape-shifting (part 2)
I Bought Headphones Off The Dark Web...Now I Can't Take Them Off
Cant sleep but im tired
There's Something Strange in Pine Hill Cave
I found my half-eaten corpse under the boardwalk (pt. 1)
To the man with the time machine, I’m ready
the massacred boat trip
The Lady In White-Part 1: The Red Dress
My Roommate is a Haunted Doll (Part 6)
I had a thought a while back.
The grass is always greener on the other side, my scumbag father learned that a little too late.
I Used To Work For The Soviet Space Agency. I Have A Horrifying Story To Tell...
Don’t read! THIS. IS. CURSED!
IF I DIE IN THE NEAR FUTURE THE GUVERNMENT KILLED ME
I found someone's phone and I think that person is here to kill me
Someone is stalking me and now i'm scared for my life...
The creepy woman
I Watched You Die
Are my chairs haunted?
How I came to be petrified of my grandmothers old doll
Dead animals keep washing up on my beach, and then their carcasses disappear the next day.
the truth about atlantis pt1
Something strange has been happening near my town recently.
I hunt monsters for a living, and the world might end (Part 3)
She cries every night because of the monster
The 1%-Creepy Story Narrated
The Replica
Why aren’t humans scared of us dad?
Call me names Candace
There is something consuming me from the inside out.
The Extra Rooms
There is someone other than me living inside of my head
I got locked in my car
**SECURITY ALERT** (part 2)
I’m going to keep this short...
Hunting season
I'll Never Work a Closing Shift Again
Beware of Desert-prowling Things
The main reason why you pre-heat your oven for ten minutes is to kill all the spiders inside..
The dead do not speak English
My state doesn't have a lot of haunted places, but there are a few...
The massacre of Rio Rico
Never use the smiley emoji at 12:00 A.M
The Check Up
I Had No Idea My Perfume Hobby Could Be So Dangerous! (Part 1 of 2)
It's 32nd December today.
In the night garden
Rejects
Everything was going fine and well. Until the strange man rang our bell.
The body fell right in front of me
I am looking for a human host???
I found my sister hanging
My ability to summon people at will turned out to be a curse, and it gets worse the more I think.
Voice heard but no one was there
Jessa's Cake Smash - Creepy submission
There are no doors on my house- 2
Edge of Home
Thirty years ago, I brought an injured cat home. It was the worst mistake I ever made.
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (Final)
I should have quit my job at the movie theater (part 2)
Why I made up the stupidest lie ever to get out of the Mental hospital
I found my dad
I read nosleep stories with my favourite creepypasta youtuber's voice
Horror stories
Thousand years letter
We've been planning the murder of our boss for years, but it doesn't go the way we expected
8ft tall
My Deep Woods Experience
I'm a video game designer. Help! I'm trapped in my company's new VR Horror creation!
They'll Store Your Sole for Free
The Otherworld War: Scorched Earth (Part 1)
Resting Johnny Bairstow is harmful - Nasir Hussain
You must read this!!! The secret war has begun!!!
Carrion Chronicles: Careta
Third EYE and hex:spell cast same thing??
Something weird is going on with my cat.
The last departure, The man in the middle
I'm so very tired and scared
I work at a very wealthy bank, the set of rules i had to follow was not worth the pay -part 1
We are Safe in the Trees (Part 1)
Strange occurrences
The piles of stones on the side of hiking trails are not what you think they are.
The most terrifying moment of my life(And I've been shot at)
Found this on Petit Tube
My sister died, and she left me everything in her will . . . including her book on black magic (Part 2)
I conducted an Amateur Experiment.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
When the town smells like beer, we know there will be new victims
C h a r l i e
I work at a small farm.
There's something very wrong with my neighbor
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (Part 4. Final chapter)
I've just taken medical retirement from an agency I'm not allowed to admit exists
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy. (Part 3)
I will never hold another seance as long as I liveFound a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell.
I Was Given "The List"
There was something strange about my last doctor’s appointment
I begin tucking him into bed and he tells me, “Daddy check for monsters under my bed.” I look underneath for his amusement and see him, another him, under the bed, staring back at me quivering and whispering, “Daddy there’s somebody on my bed.”
I'm in Quarantine in Italy - and something crazy is happening in the hotel across the way
The Sleep Experiment (Part 2)
Invaders and city lockdown (Part 2)
I See The Future Through My Dreams. What I See Terrifies Me.
Me And My Colleagues Found A VHS Tape That Has Scarred Me For Life.
Mike's Teethorium
The "creepy house"
Day dreaming
I investigate disasters for the NTSB.
Get healthy teeth and get rid of tooth decay
You don't have much time .HURRY
My sister in law keeps posting pictures of her baby on the internet and it's freaking me out (Update)
Sleep praslis with depression
Tales of a lonely security guard: He who watches pt 2
I think I just saw myself killing my girlfriend.
My name is Mary-Alice and I am part of the elite
I saw something in the dark. Now there are monsters
I had my story posted on creepypasta.com!
Kte Ku
I used to be a homeless man, then I woke up as my 12-years-old self
He's been watching me...
Family Fun! Right?
Where it all began...
We didn’t often receive specimens such as these...
Almost beat to death
The white figure
The Fisherman
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird Things Happen Around Halloween- Finale
My Boyfriend's New Diet
The Thing in The Forest
Not All Monsters Are Bad
Soap sally
It wacthed you as you sleep
The Boonzee
My little sister brought two rabbits home. Then there were four. Then eight.
Give me a reason to live
PESTILENCEwarfaminedeath
I was sent to build homes in Ohio, it was almost the death if me. Part Three - I can't be anywhere here without something happening.
My mother lied about the death of the elderly couple
Don't blink
I should of pulled out
Apples
Tales from Hawkins: A girl named Catherine
My college sorority is different. – The ones we lost
Round and round
Never Wake Up If Your Alarm Is To Early
What's Wrong with My Boyfriend
The Centre (Part 1)
Whatever you do stay away from the red coin....Part 1
drunk and up all night and being retarded on https://twitter.com/hislgp316
Suburban Vampires
Question
Red Rosie
Ring... Ring... Ring...
YOUR LIFE WILL NEVER BE THE SAME AGAIN / FOREWARD EXTREMIS
its fine.
Why is everyone being so quiet
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. This is when people started bleeding.
Help please!!!! What is this??
Claw Hands
The Mascot Came To Life...
We developed an experimental AI that searches the web, but recently, it has gone awry.
Nuts and Boldheads.
I can’t sleep at night, ever again.
Mysterious creatures began washing up on the beach, and now the world is in chaos
I was a lead scientist at Aspect Labs, Wuhan China, what escaped wasn't just Covid 19
I Can Tell You The Exact Moment My Childhood Ended
UFC 243 Fight Live stream Free Guide
Scared Straight To Go In My Garage
R.I.P. The Office
I Can Hear You (part 2)
Was it real?
My auntie lives in a well (Part 3)
I bought a used car in perfect condition. However, there's a catch.
the day i felt in a horror movie
Foreign Invasion
The Lazarus Frequency
Hiding
Sometimes Old Ladies See Dead People
The Shepherd of the Dead
Crawling Nightmares
If You Ever See a White Horse in a Swamp, Run
Pretty Girls Make Graves
I became a demon, and now I don't have much time left.
Walking Home at Night
I'm a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake
Blessing of the travelling harlot
I'm stuck in the future, and desperately need a time slot back.
My grandfather took LSD in Vietnam and pissed off a deity
Does anyone know anything about A.I.?
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age fifteen, I made a deal I couldn't remember.
ANOCHECER II
Black outs
Something was stomping around in our attic
I paid $3,000 to stay at an AirBnB for a week. I should have read the reviews.
They're in our dreams, and i failed to stop them.
The Crooked Way
The Face in the Closet
I Had a Trick-Or-Treater That Wasn't Human
Have you ever dreamed of the boy in the green cap?
The dark figure
murder is legal
My friend and I tried to rob a warehouse in the woods. Biggest mistake I've ever made pt.2
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened — Yet... (Pt. 2)
tAPTAp
My Father was Killed by a Cult . . . I Hunted them Down.
The key to any successful relationship is to know which questions not to ask
You might not want to search the internet at night anymore..
‘I bought a flat panel TV at a salvage store’
Someone has been using my mouthwash
My version of a Family Cult
i saw an alien in my house
Nova Kaduna - Part 2
I don't have a title for this. I just don't.
You won't believe what I have to say but my time here is limited...
Looking for an old story
My Dog and I investigate the paranormal: Demonic Possession and Early Retirement
I work at a café on the edge of the woods.
I run a bed and breakfast. My most recent client is always wet.
The demon under the bridge
How to recreate the Spanish Flu
If you're outside after dark, never run.
A red number called me this morning
My village's folk tales torment my new home. Now people stay inside at night.
Why is that on the Television: Unsettling Edition!
Cloudless Thunder and June Bugs
The Conan Mansion
This morning, a little girl was sitting by the edge of my bed, claiming to be my sister
I didn’t know what it was
Who is the man behind the rain glass?
Chris Bendong
Meg's Tale (kinda nsfw) part 2
My haunted house irl
The students at my school keep disappearing one by one
My dolls keep coming to life at night
The real reason why you need sleep.
I found something in an abandoned office building and now they're after me. Part 2.
What's a horror story?
I'm a Paranormal Investigator and Here's What I've Seen: The Saloon (part 1)
A short story I wrote for my english Class (Cosmic Horror)
I think I joined a cult. Part two.
A man tried to kill me at a local Walmart
a couple of my paranormal experiences:)
I went to investigate supernatural phenomena in rural Tennessee and what I found was far beyond even my most hideous nightmares...
Wood Grain
Skating 06Aug2020
The Other Me
My Eternal Burden
I don’t know who she is but this is definitely not my mom
White house witch
A man confronted me in a coffee shop and claimed he was my doppelganger
I’m forgiven.
My dentist put something inside my gums during my wisdom teeth removal.
The Burned Photo
The Bottomless Lake
There's Something Wrong With The Cows In Our Town And The Government Knows
A stroller with a crying baby rolled down the street in front of my sister and I.
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 6 - FINAL
THE EMERALD TABLET :WHAT SECRETS DOES IT HIDE (2020).
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 6)
Soul
The thrill of murder
I know the real truth but they have me locked in chains.
I am a Divine Being
My ex wife and I took our kids for pictures with Santa. Things have gone downhill ever since.
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In The Mail "Part 2"
My first day on the job at Disney World and I could not be more confused. (6)
All the bridges that lead out of my city have raised, It's been 4 hours now and they haven't gone back down. Something is going on. (Part 2)
This is a dream I had.
My love for an enigmatic woman:
The attack.
The Memory Experiments /Part Two/
Dear Mother,
The O’Sullivan Song
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 6)
My Aunt Connie Makes a Killer Tuna Mousse
I started listening to the podcast from the beginning, can we talk about how good the Penpal series was?
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 8).
Death Bell
I just found a secret base underground, right beneath the trees inside the forest
The Woman in 412
An encounter with Fake Police
I want to kill my brother
A Full Prison Disappeared. The Police Are Hiding Something
Cats on Leashes are Goddamn Hilarious.
The demon in us all.
I Forgot Why I Hate Christmas
I found a whole 'civilization' of creatures.PART 1
The Platform at Midnight
If you feel an itch at night make sure to scratch it right away (final)
I moved to a new house but the things still followed me.
The Candle
Bear Ridge Saloon.
My doppelgänger is holding me hostage
Don't mess with Macie!
Richie
That Day....
Retelling stories on my Youtube Channel.
The Creature of Cibolo Creek
There's a tome that consumes its readers. She was it's last meal.
A Policeman’s Last Call pt. 2
Next time you have sleep paralysis just listen.
An Irish Autopsy of a French Disease
I didn't find my wife unattractive enough
Mother in-law tormenting me
I was afraid of the dark, now I know the real reason why - based on fears.
I gOT a JoB aS SeCuRiTy. hErEs a LiSt Of rUlEs I fOuNd
I stole a priest's identity. Now I'm trying to find out why he was killed.
Ignorance.
I killed my best friend.
Summoning Belial
I got stuck in the year 2019.
Should I Trust the Man Behind the Mirror?
I have been trapped in a Costco for the past 3 days
I'm being stalked by demons
Say It Three Times
Story Hunter (Part 3)
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 5)
I'm a Supermarket Supervisor - The Locals are a Little... Odd
My psychiatrist is a bit unorthodox
Banshee Sighting
I think the salesman at the cosmetics store poisoned me. I liked it.
William
Something bizarre happened to me when I was 13.
I was hired by Santa. But I think he is the Krampus.
My neighbour died smilling
Goldilocks
Google Searchbar: "How can I die without killing myself?  TW: Suicide
My girlfriend and I were almost mugged
The stories of Eldritch horrors could not be more inaccurate and laughably unrealistic.
Hiking in Devil's Pit, Eastern Europe. A human error, which had changed everything
The monsters under the bed.
Until then...
My name is Maya Ben-Alonth, I am an Israeli Shabak Agent. My life has gotten a bit strange…but I’m definitely physically healthy and probably not insane.
I'm A Detective And I May Have Found The First Vampire
Here's a secret - we mostly don't want to end your world
"bus 38"
Imaginary Friends Aren't Real
I'm attendee in a Hotel and I've been Dead since 1990.
The Apple Trees by Lake Remorie
I'm an undercover CIA agent assigned to investigate a town, something isn't right here... "The Shapeshifter". (Part two)
There’s something outside my cabin - Part 1
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was.
Greensleeves
My Experience with "The Midnight Man"
I Haven't Slept in Three Days
cool
Transmissions from the void (Part 1)
It Lives in the Deep Fryer
My Grandpa is 78 years old, he'd never told anyone else but me how he lived this long. pt 1
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I just figured out everything. But I don’t even know if it was even worth it. (Final)
Who, Who is this?
Souls-like: Final Cycle
Face In The Static
You have six new voice messages
Why doesn't anyone remember my town
Jenny is real. She left me no choice.
A Door Within A Door
The Warning
I saw something in the forest and my friends are gone
I was a contestant on MTV's Fear
The counting beast
Someones in the shed
Everyone in my family are door-to-door salesmen. Please don't let us in.
The Writer
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 4)
Time loss on a bridge
There is something locked in my closet.
Restoration
Someone flipped my light switch at 4am
I came home to find a twisted scavenger hunt waiting for me.
Pig Pig Trouble Part 3
I found an old journal hiking up north The accounts of what happened in here are Strange.
The head under the bed
Watched
The Depths have a strange way of drawing us in.
Don't remember
I dropped the twins off at school, but they're still sitting in the backseat staring at meI haven’t left my room in my life
I’ll stay awake
На русском блять пиши нихуя не понятно
I feel that I should explain what happened.
What Lurks On Golden Mountain
Ghost Girl
Summer's Almost Over
The monster under my bed was real, but it was not what I expected
My husband was challeneged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. PART 4
I shouldn’t have let her go
Strange things have happened to me my entire life. These are just a few of them. -#1 The Yawning Doorway.
23 Days creepy pasta
The fog will soon swallow the world, and all of us with it
Nightshift at the local factory part one
No people were harmed in the making of this film.
Dead Birds are a Bad Omen, right?
It's my sister's 10th birthday party, and some very weird guests have arrived
I got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found a list of unsettling rules........
I bought a Teddy bear crafting kit for my kid but it was the worst choice of my life
I'm a new priest recently assigned to my first parish, and things are getting strange here.
Leaflets
I saw heaven and I would rather go to hell
I Completely Changed My Life Around With This Self-Help Method. I Think I’m Beginning To Lose My Mind Because Of It Now. (Part 1)
I’m making short horror stories mostly from reddit
Conventional Werewolves
I love my job and I wish I was at work right now
Masks are for Safety, Moreso Yours Than my Own
I accidentally logged out, help?
My maid tried to put a curse on me
I am trapped and I am scared
I'll Never Forget The First Time I Lost My Memories
Before the Backrooms
The Bluebell woods
Straw Man Fallacy
No-one warned me about the ants’ nest. At least I can warn you.
Daddy is Coming
I keep hearing the sounds at night, and I fear what it is.
The red house
My Town is A Mess of Issues
Highest of Stakes
Como Steve Bannon e um bilionário chinês criaram uma sensação de direita na mídia com o coronavírus
here's a story i wrote ig but my friend thought of the concept and all, idk if it's horror but idk
One Overlaps the Other and Cycles Continues
The Murder at Lafayette Street
Where’s my dad? P.2
My Home Is TOO Crowded #1
My best friend is an assassin. I’m a kindergarten teacher. We work as partners.
Heels
High question
Paper
Our town has a very specific set of rules — and you can either follow them or die.
Hey brain I really need to fall asleep I have a huge day tomorrow. “Brain”- well do you remember in 2012 when you did that grungy cringe thing that still gives you icy goosebumps. “Me” yup, let’s relive it over and over for the next 3 hours.
I thought all those people digging were stupid but there’s more to it than that.
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Part 3 - The Bridge
I FOUND A REAL GENIE AND NOW IM CURSEDAt The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part One)
Should i replay a haunted videogame from my childhood?
I Bought an Unreleased Toy On Ebay
Obama, the Sleep Reaper
Dream about mirrors and phones.
A Coded Discord text reader.
Chapter One
AD said free sex doll
The newest Knight (part 1)
Awakening in the Woods (Part 1)
Rules of the Night (Part 1)
My friends and I went to the mountains. I'm the sole survivor
A Photo of me sleeping that was never taken (and couldn't have been)
The Neptune Series Part 1 "The Hunter" Plus an intro
I found something within the bushes at my estate's park. I should've left it alone.
Bus stop 701
Strange Events in the Town of Belton, England
The Big Tent
An Eventful night at the Graveyard.#1
They had a body in the farmhouse. It wasn’t dead.
Could I have some feedback for my YouTube channel?
The York House Inn
I’ve Been Flying for almost Thirty Hours and The Flight Attendants Won’t Stop Crying
We never should have brought Sue back from the dead.
I See Monsters Everywhere, I Had to do Something About it
the barks from hell
stranger is typing...
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive.
I thought a site I found to satisfy my fetish was perfect. Now I'm worried.
Why I Killed Myself
My mother passed away and I knew ahead of time.
I went to this party and now my friends are gone
The voice is always with me
Is It Safe?
My family is weird
I must find the Mass
I am NEVER going to do a Night Walk again
Fade
How to Run a Successful Bakery
Gracie
I listen to you.
The noise (part 1)
Prez of the YYUEE ES OF AYEE
Secret Room?
My first horror story
A person. And our adventures.
I’m never staying the night anywhere but my own home after this experience. This post is an old post that had several parts so was just reposted into the full story.
I went on a murder rampage, but trust me it wasn't me
My cat is evil
Anyone know what I’m taking about
My climbing partner got the first ascent on an open project. Now he doesn't exist
I hunt sometimes...
Big Libby and Little Libby
Horrifying Video Game
plz help
A Sweet Lie
Do Not Wish Me A Happy Cake Day
Writers Block
68 gasping? a number. help me out here.
I think my neighbor is watching me from the woods...
Fearmonger Is Among Us
There's something weird growing in my old farmhouse...
The God Farm (Part 4)
The little boy who lost everything he loved. Part1
I got in, but I don't think I'll get out.
The supernatural doesn't exist, gods do.
Checking up on her at night.
Please Help Me
Becca and I Have Both Lived In Haunted Houses and We're No Strangers To Ghostly Encounters
I just finished my job interview
The Devil Knows My Name (Part 2)
I'm Trapped In My Apartment! Can Anyone Please Help me?!? Pt 1
The Trade
Flipside
I will never go into a basement again
I died over a year ago. I just woke up.
I accepted an invitation from someone I forgot existed. Now I need to find an old man who remembers everything.
Help. Wierd creatures
I didn’t buy treats for Halloween. The tricks won’t stop haunting me
The fire...Part .1
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I finally remember what happened 12 years ago, and I wish I could forget it all over again
Something Visited Me One Afternoon
Absolutely beautiful.
I believe God gave me a chance in love, and i ruined it.
Something's in the walls
Faces we can't see
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 5)
My substitute teacher handcuffed me to a desk
Donkey Kong: Arcade Nightmares
Every Reddit Horror Story EVER: A Fomrula
Is anybody missing a red USB thumb-drive?
The SlenderMan 911 call
Imaginhtes
Midnight Cleaning Crew
The Answer Lies Above (It Lies Below, Part 2)
i cant tell you what this story is. its short. just make sure it is distributed
Help! I've been kidnapped and I think my kidnappers forgot about me!
I Found The Missing Ones
Three Flying Men
I wasn’t supposed to tell them this...
A Safer Alternative to Dodgeball
When I was a little kid, the thing I feared most was my stuffed lemur.
ever since i learned morse code the rain was no longer relaxing
Last thing I remember was pulling the trigger pointed at my head. I wake up wondering what happened and it’s year 2000.
I Really Need Some Help
The Middleman
My Eternal Faith (Part 7)
High School Years - Junior Year (Finale)
In 1957, I Met A Group Of Mysterious Greasers
My gums itch..
I can't stop hiding under the covers of my bed at night, even after 15 years.
Cedar Springs - A Curious Case of Psychosis (Part 1)
The Dark Watcher
Jace's Escapades
I've been trapped in my late parents house. I found out what happened.
4:07AM and im still hearing noises
My Boss: Bob
SCP Foundation Issued Class-D Journal
Amnesia (continued)
A Home Alone Story
The DMZ hold more than just mines and animals.
I Fed It An Apple.
Your Guide to Finding Secret Rooms at the Ryce Property
The meeting?
This has be a shit joke right? But it's too elaborate, and fucked up.
My Mother Liked To Sleep Around
Do the dead really live again?
I work at a storage place
Strictly enforced
Part 1: I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I found something in the basement tunnels..
I am Unable to sleep
A strange infomercial
I'm a retired homicide detective. This is the story of how a woman solved her own murder
I have a Cat Spirit in my apartment, and I don't know what to do
Turn right
I'm Done. Final Entry by Quinn.
We Should Have Let The Dead Remain Dead
Underneath me
If I Don’t Figure Out Why Employees At Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline Keep Dying, I’ll Be Next
Mr Lady - A Horror Story In Thailand
I Was Sent an Ad on My College Email. Now I don't Know What to do
Am I Going Crazy?
My name is Amiel Weber, and I’m stuck in the body of a rabbit.
The start of something beautiful (Episode 1)
If you see a cleaning man on the streets after midnight, you might actually survive
I Just Hope My Friend Is Okay "Part 1"
I hook up some girl.
The world as we know it
Clear hearts are hard to find...
I "discovered" a dozen new planets in the night sky. I thought nobody else could see them.
I went diving with my nephew and found his grave at the bottom of a lake
Furry maniac
I Have a Scary Story to Tell
Merrick and The Magic Eye: Journal of a time traveler recruiter
I live in a town where nobody ages
There's a library in my forest Part 1
HUNT
Serial Killers are all connected by a dark website
I'm sailing solo from San Diego to Hawaii. A diver has been stalking me the entire way...
Best Original Monster of 2020 Voting Thread
I prayed to God for a son.
I was at home
I Changed My Husband... And Now I Might Be Changing Too
Autumn.
The White Room
The revenge app
When I was a small boy in middle school I was lining up in the field after lunch
There's something living behind the walls where I work..
Being an errand boy for a ghoul in my basement was an easy job. Then he asked me to do the unthinkable.
I saw a ghost in my apartment.
I have Been Living Two Lives
Flair
When I was a kid, my dad kept a second family in our basement.
My first DMT trip showed me the Abyss inside us all
Something that happened to me as a teenager
The raid
Sleep Paralysis Demon Sent Me to ER(true story)
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Twelve)
Feathers in the Attic
The door by the bus stop
Demons are real
Abandoned
Confessions from the box
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules.
Movie candy
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?- Update
There’s. Big daddy in my living room (pt.1)
I haven’t moved in 20 years
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block
The Depression Project
I see people as my toys
The abyss has eyes
The Tapping
A tiny intruder story I had
A strange blight
I'm not alone in my house..
I Kept Noticing Extra Animals At The Pet Store I work At.
I am moving into a slightly haunted woods soon
I woke up
Heirlooms (part 1)
The thing that creates nightmares
I'm currently stuck in my apartment with armed guards keeping us locked in and stage creatures also keeping us locked in, please help
Red water
Does anyone have stories of bipedal cryptids, like sasquach, bigfoot, yetis, or rock apes or any of the sort y'all like to share?
The Devil accepted my job application at a Bakery.
Have you ever heard of “Throat Singing”?
I Think I May Be A Sensitive/ I Saw Fucked Up Shit As A Kid
The things I hear at night....
For my dear nephew
The COVID19 isn't what you think it is... (Part 1)
I just heard my window open.
A Letter Was On The Fridge (I Found A Stranger In A Bridge Pt. 2)
My New Haunted Home
The Pillar and the Dog
Can I (32M) fix things with my wife (31F) or have I blown it?
Call Me Birdy Chapter 2: Stolen Innocence
I woke up in my room with a massive headache and a mess of chaotic memories.
There's something out there.
The man who left one of us alive. Reupload bc of believability
The Deleted Channel Part 1: My Morning Routine
How i killed Herobrine and survived.
When He Woke on the Stairs
I'm... molting? and I don't really like what's underneath...
The Resident Nerd - part 2
The Thing in Saunders Asylum
I Just Boarded This Cruise Ship, Something Is Definitely Off (Part 1)
The woods walker
Something has happened to my radiator
The Wild Hunt: Urban Style - Part 1
There’s something wrong with my sister
A child's method for madness part 2, ending
Thin Forest. Camping.
I think I wandered into a place that doesn't exist.
My house is infested by ants, and nothing can keep them out.
Good Dog Chapter 2
I went to see the crying joker, Ponmalio. Here are the jokes he said!
I’ll Never Go On A Blind Date Again
The Smell of Cigarettes
Side Effects May Vary pt.2
Do you feel the tingling?
I walked Old Ed's Road on Halloween
A Door of No Return
The man in red
Okay, maybe I should’ve never bought it
I Can Finally Make A Left Turn
No Good Deed (Part 2)
The Nameless Girl
I'm A Therapist And My Patient Is Convinced He's The Antichrist.
the neighborhood near my english school
I am a police tactical operator, and I ventured into a place I wasn't supposed to. (Part 1)
I Wish There Were Only A Tiger In My Attic
Michael
Everless Island : The Greech
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Fin)
My experience with what I call"paranoia wakes"
I kept seeing the soul of a girl in my sleep, now....
The boogeyman "trigger warning"
IF YOU CAN SEE THIS, PLEASE READ, IT'S URGENT.
AITA for leaving my GF in our motel room?
Disrespectful
CrypTed Trucks
Death/l surgery/feft abusive bf same day/tick tock lost my mind
The Beast of Prey and a Burdened Heart
I’m a dentist for monsters and last night I took on a new patient.
I need a coroner (This is urgent)
Room 2020: Seeing in Hindsight
Driving at Night is One of My Favorite Activities (3)
That thing in front of my door
The page at the end of my Bed
My childhood story
I found something similar to the Backrooms, but it’s ruining my life.
Are you tired? Then don’t read this
If you want to make God laugh...
I woke up at 3pm
The Man Called Daffodil
Halloween Mother
I tell my friend a scary story during the graveyard shift at a restaurant that we work at, when the scary story starts to seem real.
Drugs.
there's a monster under my bed
The Man in the Blue Sweater
It has been difficult for me, since the accident, but I swear that I haven't lost my sanity.
My first and last time at Kirby Road.
I found got an email from the future
If you see THEM, hope they didn’t see you.
cat-sitting
How the Serial Killer On My Street Was Found
My dead sister’s house has a copycat
The Homeowners Association | Part II
Dragon
A house in the woods teleported me into a dimension where everyone had 5 eyes and now I have to find my way back.
I think I'm alone in this world. Is anyone out there?
Something that haunts me since I was a kid
Little Things
|| 私達はあなたと結婚しないでしょう。 決してあなたのワイフ ||
Why I Quit My Job On The Dark Web
Never Look Outside Your Window.I Am My Greatest Fear
UFO Encounter, Tucson, AZ.
Me and my friends made fun of this shy girl who came to school with face mask and gloves the week before school shut down due to the outbreak.
Former Medic, rescued a woman from an abandoned hell house
The Nightcutter
Shutter-Bug
My best friend went missing from our university (Part One)
If You Love Me
Origin Unknown, Purpose Determined
Looking for the subreddit with a list of games/rituals like “Charlie Charlie” or “Three Kong’s”
the hidebehind
I am become snow (Part 1)
My Nightly Terrors are Returning
Has Anyone Else Forgotten Blackstone Commercial?
One 6th
A moment of glory.
I discovered an old mine, and now I wish I hadn’t
I ventured onto a road nobody drives on. I think something followed me back.
Hey 👋 👉👌 92311
The First Concert I Went To Was The Worst Night Of My Life
My Dreams Predict The Future
I'm a Personal Assistant to The D*vil Part 1
When I’m home alone
I NEVER look behind me anymore
My life story (part one)
My Friend and I visited a couple of abandoned buses, it was a big mistake
Beware Backwoods Bridges
The Vibrant Fade
I’m looking after some properties for my sick uncle. One of the tenants sent me this email and I’m not sure how to handle it. Do you guys have any advice?
Something Is Happening in Tevam Sound (Part 2)
Margo Richards
Something lurks at the end of my hallway
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow – The first night.
Spend a penny
Guys, I think I live next to an occultist.
Battle Cat (short story)
The Wild Boar, and the Lovely Fox
Long cuts.
I found Death, he was expecting me. (1)
Let’s get to know eachother .
ME AND MY FRIEND FOUND SOMETHING WEIRD
Don't Click Popups from Porn Sites
I thought I was just clumsy. Now I'm afraid for my life.
There's something in my new house with me. - The Basement (Part Three - Final)
I have discovered what ''Junk DNA'' trully does. Be glad it exists.  Final
when my mother was a little girl in the 1950s, her next door neighbors were murdered in their beds
I shut up the music from the nearby apartment that ruined my ears. Note: Hexing them myself did nothing. Any alternatives, please. Thanks.
This creepy man is staring out my window and I don't know what to do he stares every day at 5 p.m. till I fall asleep and then he disappears whenever I wake up again
Not a story- Help appreciated
If you watch this broadcast past 12:00 you will regret it.
The Blood On My Hands Is But Wine
I Went Back to White Rock Creek - Part I
May Contest Winners!
I Wish It Had Been Rats
My Dead Daughter Ruined My F__cking Life
Something weird has been going on at my university since COVID-19
3 A.M.
Why Won’t My Eyes Close?
I woke up, and looked at the time
There is a key at my job that opens every door. Some should stay locked.
Who else is tired of seeing posts about the supernatural helping a kid with bullies?
The young earth is a dangerous place.
A Fistful of Ashes
It Only Takes One Bad Day
Mr. Bigglesworth
Five mutilated bodies were discovered at a home by authorities and no one knows who murdered them. Until now.
My Horoscope Has Been A Little Off Lately.
We thought it was a haunted house.....
I think my girlfriend is being possessed by the devil
Camp Wanahee (Part 6)
I bought a graveyard. I might have gotten more than I paid for.
Bloody marry
i s e e y o u
My name is Mary-Alice and I am part of the elite
My roommate in college
The Cherry Tree - Part 2 Ending
Cleansed
Turn Around! Inspiration from r/writingprompts
What lies beneath.
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 1)
12,020
Long Time, No See.
Game of Aces
The dark room
I know who murdered my best friend 3 years ago (PART 1)
The Wave PT1
My name is Laruman, and it is my job to instill true fear into the human race (part 1)
The black van that speeded off.
Don't come to Sandbridge Va
I got kidnapped.Help me. Save my humanity.
Acheron's dream: an artificial horror storry
r/nosleep - I woke up to the apacolypse PART 1
On-wards
In need of a story I once read.
I met a crow today.
I’m the only person inside this missile silo.
I’m not the real me.
Something is stalking me...and it’s not human
Doing worrisome things in my sleep
That is What I Shall Do - Short Horror Story
The statue
Post Road
Do You Remember When the Sun Died?
Last time, I told you about my death. Now, I tell you about meeting the primordials
I don’t really understand some of the show’s plot lines
I work at a library legendary for its silence, but the new head librarian is a mouth breather. (Part 2)
The Red Man Game
If I disappear get this to the police... but not my local police.
Sisterhood (Part 1)
I found a tape I wasn't supposed to listen to.
The voices...stopped
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
Innocent Minds
Don’t use the poop sock at 3 am
I got jumped by 8 men on Father’s Day 2014.
02.22.2023 Tapes #1 - #5
sleep paralysis
The FoxGlove Experiment
Water. (Pt1)
Believe Me, I Really Do Have A Boyfriend.
Take a walk with me, I wanna chat with you. I wanna tell you how I got away with murder.
Unwelcome Roommate Problem Update
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In The Mail
Was there ever a post on this subreddit that turned out to be true?
My road trip was cut short
My Grandma's house has rules for the whole week.
My friends and I just wanted to shoot off some fireworks. We could never have known we would awaken something.
Pain, Suffering, and Poptarts
Don’t do Business with the Man in the Tall Hat
nosleep moderator u/cmd102 approved this post
Stolen liquor
The kids in my neighborhood haven't stopped trick-or-treating
The noise
Am I the only one who sees the duplicates in my office?
Something Very Strange is going on in my backyard ...
Reddit deletes everything
Mouth full of Identities
I live in a house in the woods
I spent the night at Ted Bundy’s murder cabin. I will regret it for the rest of my life
My Brother’s ghost won’t let me sleep.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon ✪Future-Lover✪ Women V-Neck Lace Floral Lingerie Set Mesh Babydoll Chemise Open Front Sleepwear Nightgowns Front Closure Bra
I killed Satan
The failed break-in
Scary stories for possible yt vid
The Boy With The Burning Eyes
I have to be really careful about flushing bugs down the office toilet.
The Face In The Window
Do some research?!?!
Creepy Cabin in the Woods | Part 1
When the world falls silent Part 2
I found a book hidden in my deceased grandfather's library. Today, I met my only friend in a town of enemies. (2)
I can't stop swapping spit with the world's oldest woman. Now I don't feel so well. BTW: I'm twenty.
How far would you go to save your life?
The Person Dressed In The Pink Squirrel Costume Knows The Truth and Wants to Kill Me.
The Haunted Hostel of Hickory Highway
My lights won't stop flickering
My Family's Blood is Cursed. We Must Never Go Near the Waters of Venice
The voice coming from the woods
I Felt it staring at me, then I heard it's whistle
My friend has the powers of a voodoo doll (Part 1)
I have a question
My name was Jaden Mallory.
Punishment
I Use To Talk To A Painting Every Night
When the Ted Bundy clock strikes midnight, I'm afraid for my life
the unseen boy in class part 2 the final part
Let this serve as a warning, never let too many changes to unnoticed (part;1)
The copy of me
The gibbet cage
Into The Cave of Witches
I saw a burning man in my house TRUE STORY
Don't stop smiling
Enemy of the people?
The thing under the floor boards
The thing from Okayama
I discovered a new cryptid (part one)
Should've never left my bed
From alpha to beta
My foster kid was raised being told she was a demon, and now strange things are happening around the house
I teach English to foreign students - I just followed the instructions to get to the school...this isn't possible.
Pishach
Wait, please
I finally caught a livormortan, but its secret was more surprising than its existence
Me  our questioning our sanity.
The Luck of the Seven (Part 1)The house with the long driveway
The Paris Catacombs Don't Want You Looking.
How Much Does Fame and Fortune Cost? I found the answer.
My Newish Phone
See you soon.
The prison that kills by feeding. Part 1
Interrogation might not be the answer. (part 1)
The Watchers of the Forest
These Death Row Inmates Just Won't Die
My Neighbor won’t stop singing Christmas carols.
The mods know
Sometimes my lump keeps me up at night
The Corner Demon: Ash
it almost killed us
Home is near the red light district
I visited the third floor of my officeA Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident.
Someone tries to kill me everyday...
Layover in Tall Red
Blood Law (Part Two)
Spookyplayer9237
The whispering woman.
Do You Remember?
The life of an AquariusI will never explore abandoned buildings again, part two
I survived (Part Eight)
Something took my wife, I don't know what - part 2
Why I stopped preaching God's Word
Living in an underground town after a nuclear missle hit our town. The dead are coming back to life.
I started a YT channel where I read your scary stories!
ReStarting (Part 2)
so...
I Will Surely Die Tonight
"It had finally left"
The Chair
First Experience
Two floating shapes
The boat
The essential rules of my new job have proved too much for me.
There are stains spreading across the faces of my family.
true escape.
Who else got coal this Christmas?
I need to tell someone about what I found on the side of the road
The itch.
The Government Built a Fence Around the Forest in my Backyard
Murder in the graveyard?
Whispers when I fall asleep
Blackwoods Bend Part Fourteen - The Confession of Daniel Frame
The Girl in the Velvet Dress
In the Appalachian Hollow
I hunt what hunts humanity
No sleep
The day my mother died.
Vanished.
I’ve Lived Through Every Pandemic The World Has Ever Had
The thing i saw last night
Your Theoretical Getaway to the Vossen Camping and Fishing Park
I was a LumberjackSomething Is Wrong With the Doll House (picture included)
The Reign Deer
I lost my friend to psychopaths in an asylum.
Captain Bunny’s Adventures
I Love Bird Watching
The Store That Appeared Overnight And It's Odd Employee...
More than Echoes
The Harrowing Home Invasion
Trick... or... Treat
The Moonlight Store
February 2020 Voting Thread
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life p2please help
I was adopted 20 years ago and never saw my foster dad’s face
Dan stop scrolling reddit and get out of the house. I had a dream where you get killed today right where you are. Yes you Dan Fulton, you specifically.
I’m an old man and have to let you in on a secret before I die
Grandma's Bones Won't Stop Growing
Something Was Wrong With My Catholic School Teacher (Narration) (By: eekpeek)
Billy Finds a Body by the Lake
My sleep paralysis touched me and I’m so confused someone please explain
The wet footprints
The Timekeepers
The Buker (pt. 5)
I should have known something was wrong when the “kids” I was hired to babysit turned out to be older than me.
I Live on a Farm out in the Sticks. Something Weird Is Happening to Us.
The Mind Of A Murderer
The television watches me every night and expects original programming
The Light Switch Girl
I've been alive since 1898
The Ojiisan of Ryujin Onsen
The last Halloween party I ever went to.
I migrated to the USA to escape from a demon.
The Smiling Bastard
For the last 6 years, a man has been watching me sleep, and I think he's killing me.
The Delivery- Entering The House
The tunnel that allows paintings inner trapped voice to be echoed
I need advice/help
Creepy Woman at my neighsbors window
Little Caesars Isn’t Always Hot-N-Ready
My Mother Used To Burn Me, Now I Know Why.
The Night Stalker (Part One)
A Note from the Past
My wife was convinced one of her eyes was not hers.
im trapped in the basment of a hospital help me....
NOOB IN NEED OF HELP
I stopped talking to my friends because something's chasing me
I found a Furby in a swamp. What it had to say disturbed me. Part 3.
For You, Justin
Dr. Safeless
Coal Country and What Lies Ahead (Final)
La dinamique des gens heureux
All you can do is pray
Someone is following me...
My Girlfriend Keeps Waking Up at 3:42am
My Father's Puppets Keep Getting Destroyed (Part 1)
There was man outside my hotel room every night.
The Bow-er
After life?
My friend grew up in a cult. This is his story he told me before he went missing.
A personal note on case #229 (pt 2)
The 14 Acre Monster Camp
Pets and spirits
I came home to a surprise
December 2020 Winners!
Fresh from Pinnegogh, California
ɪᴠᴀɴ ᴛᴀʟᴇꜱ ɪ - "Albradorr, The Kingdom Of Greed"
The reaper waited in the basement to take me to hell. But I was a retired car salesman. I wouldn't go that easily.
Our Hearts Beat As One
Was it a dream?
The Dog Men Of Cannon Mountain
I found a box of strange DVDs at work the other day. I wish I never watched them.
There are things all around us ... but we don't know it
Letting Go
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 15)
The Rich Man’s House
The Sleepover
My sick new born ,, is the worst horrors of my life please help save his life during this Corona virus pandemic
My mother always knocks.
The fate of my son lies with a twisted game; and every Christmas, I am duty-bound to play it.
help me look for this story
Do NOT visit the 'Skuld club' in Snowdonia
Subject 104
My Possible Sirenhead Encounter
Living to live
There's A New Drug In Town.
I had a visitor today
there’s something wrong with my neighbors daughters
Mr. Black Part 1: Stalking is a strong word.
The creature at the end of the bed
There’s something in the corn maze with me, Part 1
I got a missed call from my apartment callbox the other night.
The Crush
Mother Nature has had Enough!
Please Help. I need advice on how water works. (Part 1)
Dream about black eyed children! HELP!!
case_file_7.03-case_file_7.05
I think I became a medium
The Super Mario VR Prototype
Melicious Maladies
Basketball
My baby sister was acting weird so I went to her daycare
I'm A New Health Inspector(Part 2)
Night watcher
Remember to close the gate or it will follow you home
I Thought I Ate Bacon But It Was Something Else
There's a monster that steals toys from children...
The Northern Lights
The storm wasn't the only thing I needed shelter from.
Just outside the anatomy museum...
The forever dark
Please, Stay Sad
A cryptid hunter visited my village to kill the long-legged beast of the Magura Forest. I am lucky I walked away alive. (FINALE)
Real story. Noises at night.
I work at a small port in NZ, we're currently experiencing total blackout and it's all my fault (part 1)
Something Weird Happened Today (Part 2)
I thought the rumors of the daycare I worked at were just rumors. God, I wish that's all they were.
When I was a kid, I had the recurring nightmare. Tonight I was reminded of what it was.
I Survived Hell on Earth (Part 2)
My Grandmother was hiding something in her garden and it was darker then you could ever imagine
My whole family is dead and I’m afraid I’m next.(part one)
I was born colorblind. I never thought much about color until recently.
I can see things...
Something is making muddy footprints in the alley next to my house but we haven't had any rain in weeks
AnonPaste - The Ultimate Secure Pastebin by Anonymous
My sister: Film Footage 2/?
I Like To Go On Late Night Runs. Last Night I Was Not Alone.
10 Miles To Speak With The Dead
idk whats wrong with me
Who was I talking to at 4 years old?
I Went On Instagram At 3:30AM
After Hours
I heard a strange noise in my backyard at night and checked it out. Someone was there, and he told me a very disturbing fact.
🅟🅘🅖🅖🅨 🅟🅘🅖
What's That? Episode 1: The Importance Of Responsibility
The Orb in the Conference Room
I discovered a lost city underneath my house. The escape from Cardath City. (Final)
If your reading this please help me...part 1
When little Sally falls asleep, we pray that no one dies.
I’m not entirely human, and that’s going to doom humanity.
Save yourself
this is my first time writing down my creepypasta so sorry if its bad!
Where Is Damien?
The Lake View Broadcasting Station Log's Part 1
Curse of the typewriter
Fifty Seven
I saw a disturbing post on r/help , The doorbell has been ringing for three hours
True scary story: The man in the rocking chair
Out In The Backyard
Me And My Boyfriend Saw The Trees Bleeding.
I'm home alone. Something keeps scratching my back.
The Universal Proof
winter- part 1.
The Storm That Was Not A Storm
If this is hell, then its contagious
windchimes
Billy Ray Cirus Is The Head Of A Government Ring Of Cannibals
Coming Out To The Kristians Of Cooke County
The Dream Chaser
What the fuck did i just witnessed
Today I went sailing. I just found a book of instructions and they are NOT normal. (Part 2)
A Conversation with a Corvid.
I'm a grievance counsellor helping the recently deceased. My colleague isn't the only one experiencing things out of the ordinary...
My twin brother was abducted. Now he's back, but he's not the kid I remember. (Part 6)
Jack and I
Last night...(true story)
I am very scared
Always see what subreddit a post is in
My Dream Job Has Become a Nightmare
The Unplace Rooms
11:34 September 7, 2013
I haven't seen the moon in almost 2 weeks.
DON'T play the Ouija board, or he may come for you.
I downloaded an app in 2017 before it was removed from the app store. It changed my life.
Don't Invite Them In...
The Velid's InterviewThe FBI uses cannibals to hunt other cannibals. They are currently investigating my neighbor. PART 3
I’m a Homecare Nurse: The Seven Rules for Mr. Tweague’s House
I'm stuck inside a snow globe and there's a mysterious smell coming from the only building.
Is it hailing? Hide.
Wedding Invitation
Ralph The Goldfish Is Eating Everyone In His Path. Run While You Still Can!
The Chonk
Anthology... PART ONE: BURNING ST. LOUIS
The People of Ash Springs
The Void in the Delacroix Hotel
There are people in my bathtub
Something Is Sinking Ships In The Atlantic, What We Discovered Was Terrifying
The Moth and me
I started dating a paramedic and am horrified by his reasons for saving lives
The cast of my favourite TV show are dead, and my best friend killed them.
Just a dream...?
Polybius
I have prevented the zombie apocalypse from happening. Either that, or I just started it.
Nightmare In the Woods (Pt 3)
We only have Five Years. Part 1
There’s a chemical fog outside my school. We can’t leave. (Part 4)
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 4)
A man knocked on my door at midnight, he gave me a horrible choice.
These people have too much of everything.
you did it
I've cut off more hands than the Marvel Cinematic Universe (Part 1 of 2)
Creepy tv show I am watching,
Gift Wrap
The ocean should remain unexplored
The Four Laws of Mind Control
Danny, The voice in my head.
I was almost Trafficked
You can put one f-bomb into any Harry Potter movie. Where are you putting it?
A long shadowy figure still huants my dreams years after I saw it
I used to have a twin, but I forgot her
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Adelaide and the Paper Man
After 25 years, I no longer have a flying career, so I think it's time to talk about what happened at Petawanga Lake.
I found a bone in the park and nothing will ever be the same
“Dead Road Ahead.”
My Parents Never Let Me Play in This Forest, Now I Know Why
My friend has the powers of a voodoo doll (Part 2)
STAINED parts 1+2/4
It's just a hoax right?
The world is suffering the coronavirus because some humans are greedy and evil. I warned them many times... but I was ignored. Again.
The End of AugustDelusion Isn't Always the Worst Option
I thought lost my baby teeth years ago. WHY ARE THEY IN MY DOG'S MOUTH?
Why I Quit Hiking
Children See Things We Can't
The fate of Isaac
The Missing 4
I bought a vr suit. Now Im scared for my life.
The Striders
A man broke in my house or is it a man?
On the Pennsylvania Backroads, You Keep Driving. No Matter What Follows You.
the secret nature of the vampire Zed
how to stop sweaty hands and feet
The End of Earth
the little boy at the door
ISO story i started reading like a year ago, about a house but each window held a different dimension?
Audio Log #1
Have skinwalkers migrated? part 2
This was my last One Night Stand. I think I caught something worse than chlamydia.
The death bet
My Dad's Stalker
Do I call the police, or kill someone?
My Dad MURDERED somebody...and I WATCHED IT HAPPEN. A repressed memory from when I was 6.
The figure in the woods
I got a Yveltal in Pokemon Y.
I am Humanities Salvation
This story is no-ghost
My original work
The Rose (A True Story)
My neighbor's new dog kept barking. He has been quiet for a long time now.
She came back to me
In the Woods (unfinished)
The Forest of Hell's Gate
I can see &amp; hear ghosts. Advice or help is totally appreciated.! (PT 1)
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human.
The Pale Children
Reggie did it
What I Saw in the Forest Haunts Me
The Curse Of Wickborough (Part 2)
Realidad alterna, y otros misterios.
I haven't seen my housemate in a week
Has anyone heard the song "Frankie's Coming"?
The Story Of The Woods | Part 1
I saw something on a family vacation I'll never be able to forget. Was the lady really dead?
Where am I?
The Mystery Of Old Town
Old stories I think about in quarantine
I shouldn't have gone
London after midnigh
"This is your Captain speaking."
I can't remember most of my childhood
Kids Love to Say What They're Thinking
Found this box of notes and recordings on the attic (Part one)
Chekhov's gun
I'm seeing weird humanoid creatures.
A Deadly Recollection. (Not an expert, lmk what you think) ;)
Crash. Pop pop. Fizzle.
A new member of my forum is making creepy posts
We lost our mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back.
A dead body disappeared
They Who Feast On Time by E.N. Patterson
Something is catching up with me.
They Don't want you knowing.
Don't Talk to Strangers (Original Story)
Forehead Kisses
I run an underground airline, what i saw last night made me reconsider my career choices
We are gone, but I don’t know where.
Sunday, 12th April 2020. 1 PM
I travel the Earth by going through doors and I really freaked out about it. (Part 1)
scary shit recommendations
Ghost bride
The Killers Inside and Outside | Part One |Alex’s POV
The Cat's Meow
There's a man under my bed
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it. (Part Two)
My life was ruined by one single comment...
Dreams and our consciousness
What did I just hear?
Confessions of a Grocery Store Manager
Me and my friend found an abandoned shed in the woods about a month ago. He has been dead since that time and things keep going downhill. (FINALE)
Every year on my birthday, I receive a letter.
You'll Hear the Drums Too
My father's teleportation machine
r/ostrov
Conscious Memory
Companionship Bots: The Cure to Your Modern-Day Loneliness!
My Town is Just Weird
One Year Ago
I am a sex worker. We all have our pasts. Some darker than others.
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web
She's going to kill me
Should cake be eaten with a fork or spoon?
Something In The Trees
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 3)
The black bird of Chernobyl
Don’t forget to check your kid’s candy this year or they might summon the Jack-O-Mantern
Something is entering my grandparents' house and turning on the lights
5 Miles and a Pit Full of Stone
Every night for the past 18 years someone has been sneaking into my bedroom and sleeping next to me.
Hylophobia
The Wrong Tube
The Mystery of illustrious lodge(part1)
I think there's something seriously wrong with Mario.
Pretty
I'm in a derelict parking lot, waiting to be teleported a couple meters away.
There's a cabin in the woods that hasn't been used since the 1800's. Part 2. I went back.
DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON
My dad gave me a list of rules for college. I wish I had followed them Part 1
Disturbing case of suicides in a small town retires a hardened detective.
A Guy I Was Attracted To Sent Me Dead Rats
I’ve had the weirdest week (Part 1)
I Prank Called A Cult
It has always been me, isn't it?
The Dollhouse, Part IV
The white face in the window
Holy 7 sins
Technicolor Highway
Oklahoma's Supernatural Spectrum
GNAW (part one)
My Ideals
Black Discussion.
A bump in the night P1
Apartment 1A
The Cursed Video Tape
The Bridge that Leads to Nowhere
Ran over bigfoot Christmas night
I Interviewed the Only Survivor of an Infamous Sirenhead Attack.
Sleep - Charlie Kushner
I Really Am Different From Them
I found my new classmate weird, now I know why
The day I had enough.
I messed up by experimenting... I now smoke cannabis to prevent myself from dreaming. Whenever I dream bad things happen.
IT won't stop tormenting me
The Agony From Below
The Forest of a Thousand Wrong Turns (Part 2)
I Found A Bizarre and Disturbing Medical Journal In My Deceased Father's Possessions
I’m a Retired Priest. I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. When God closes a door, sometimes he seals the window as well.
I sensed from the beginning that they were not here to stay.
Having lost his compass, the hiker trekked on aimlessly.
I hear woman screaming from the North-east everytime I eat a Reece's puffs
My Husband Died And Went To Hell. I Think Something May Have Followed Him Back.
Insanity Zero: Camp Pickleweed (part two)
My imagination is trying to kill me Pt 1
My sister’s plushes might be alive
I’m a subway cleaner and what I encountered was not human!
I got trapped in a haunted abandoned assylum (true story)
The Director
Us (trigger warning- schizophrenia)
Reality is glitching and I'm scared
why i will never have a girl
The things in my house are trying to kill me
I’m a trucker, and I just found a channel on the CB radio that I think was meant to stay hidden. (Part 3)
I work as a theme park ride operator. People have been going missing.
I did my own autopsy
Abandoned building discovery
Went on a trip to visit my grandpa but I feel like I'm being watched
If you're in bed at night and hear someone whistling, hide immediately
I Think I'm Being Stalked
Should I be worried?
Rules and tips on how to proceed if you find the Fountain of Youth (1)
Don't Follow Me
Don’t think meeting your opposite will be on my bucket listI woke up in a yellow forest (Part 2)
teleportation dogs
Something's been going on at my school and the teachers won't answer questions about it.
cherry road
The Manila Skyway
There is something seriously wrong with the smog in New Delhi.....
La chose ( French Creepypasta )
Don’t trust it.
First post here so go easy on me
The dark web friend (Part 1)
My brother was the tutor to a brat. Suddenly, the kid's behavior changed.My brother was the tutor to a brat. Suddenly, he changed.
Death dreams
Revenge of thw afterlife
Envious jealous competitions outsmart best friend
I was once a Boy Scout. This is my Campfire Tale...
Escaping the Trap of a Serial Killer in Backwoods Connecticut ; A Crystal Night and a Gold Morning
You Are Now Breathing Manually
I'm a..... Debt collector!
I protect pictures we should see
The other place.
I might as well write this while I wait and see if they find me
12 shadows 1 person (not real)
The Life, Death, and Rebirth of Thomas Bailey
Why I Don't Believe in Santa
The Loner
The Man Pt 1
Stupid Sexy Serial Killers
Have you heared of the shadow shifter?
The man who brought silence may have ended my addiction
Hemichlophobia Ch. 1: What We Cannot See
How I became and urban legend in my city
My time in Afghanistan
Hide'N'Seek
Someone was after my infant daughter, and I think it was my wife.
Clinton road
No Sleep France
My grandma used to tell me scary stories when I was little. The one she told me on my 5th birthday still makes me feel sick.
I Work for the United States Census Bureau- The Street Where no Children Meet
Submerged Terror
The Cat and the Man
How Teachers Are Made
I Lost my Eyesight from an Injury, But I Can Still See…
Something is off about my friend
My first lo-fi music experience
Not Alone ?....
Obssession
Police Report No. 37 Dalton Highway (Part1)
I’ll never visit the woods of northern Alaska again
~Orbs of Light~
Where am I? (Part I)
Rekindling
I Spent My Childhood in a Haunted House. I Think Sharing My Stories Could Help.
My Family Bought a Spot at a Campsite on Lake Urjunc
my neighbour
Lilith - Part 2 of 3
I woke up with an egg and I think I'm gonna be a father.
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me the case that still keeps him up at night
My little brother got stuck in an air vent.
In the town where I grew up, we were told that if we heard a dog bark at night, it meant that someone was about to die. (Part 2)
I think he fed me her body...
My light won't stop flickering.
I'm never going for a midnight walk again.
It's Still Following Me
I heard a voice in my dream Pt. 2: “A Possible Backstory.”
Egg Shell
Every time we do acid, my girlfriend sees shadow people. This weekend she introduced me to them.
My friends are going disappearing and haven’t been able to find them since.
I received an invitation to a hotel event. I wish I hadn't gone there.
So I went on and downloaded Randonatica
I don’t talk to god often
There are two versions of my girlfriend, one of them is evil (PART 2)
The Midnight Mass; or How My Father Survived a Lynching
Paranormal Activity: The Amityville House
The Grim Reapers Forrest
I moved my family into a new home. Something else was living there before us.
I Think There's a Real Haunted House in my Town. People are Dying (Part 1)
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about 'dogging'...
I found a box and it changed my life(triggure warning)
I cried for a second chance at a shrine in the woods. I regret my tears.
U.N.STARTS INVESTIGATION TO BAN CYBER TORTURE AND REMOTE NERAL MONITOREING
El hombre de la silueta negra.
I’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to get them convicted. Part Three.
THE MINES-- LANDING 3
The boogey man/ boogie man idk
In Absentia
My nightmares
Mom could never find me a babysitter. Everyone knew what happened next door to us.
I found tapes my grandfather left behind. This week I met the Landlord.
Maybe photography in a foggy night is not the best idea.
The NEVER man
My brother has a secret that could change everything
If you mess with dumpster divers in Russia you may regret it
The Scream Inside Murton Murder's House of Horror
I Just Listened To Spotify Audio From The Future, Something Terrible Is About To Happen!
Little People
My Friends may be Dead because of ME (Part Two---if I live)
I don’t know what I saw
There's an afterlife.. but its not pleasent.
Last Stop...
The Wave, Part One. (sorry for being a bad author)
Changeling
The true horrors of sleep paralysis
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part II
The Wisconsin protocol.
My neighbors are in a cult.
Seems weird
This document from The Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition. (part 2)
I hope you're ready.
Satan Asked Me to be the Antichrist. I Said No
My Tips For Hunting White-Tail Deer: Don't.
The Crimson Red Creatures from The Cave of Horror Part 1
God is alive, and we're all in danger (Part 2)Which world do I chose?
Guilt
Our neighbor is a Doomsday Prepper. Lately they’ve been stockpiling for the End of the World. Now it’s here. Part 2.
The Creature of The Ramp Patch
The plaza floor
Evil Lives in the Town of Washburn
Mcpherson Alien Abduction 1983 Full Video
Session 01 (My Reflection)
I bought a possessed mirror and it was the biggest mistake of my life.
I explored an abandoned military experimentation facility. I now speak a language that I shouldn’t.
My mum and grandma disappeared when they turned 40. I’m 39. My birthday is coming up.
When you die. When you can't love. You remember.
The Blind Ape Beneath the Stairs
A Warning to Nosleep's Authors
Please read this post.
Bathroom Scary short story(First time making one. criticism is welcome)
Wonderland In A Place With No Name
footsteps and creeks
I Was A Victim Of Sleep Paralysis, I Dont Think The Illusions Were Fake
My wife turned into a wendigo
Curfew
I was taken to a "dystopian" city.
Don't go into the woods at night or it'll keep coming.
Dont no matter what help the old man that offers you to help him clean his house.
Stargazing is hard when they're all dead.
Victorian mirror kills whoever cleans it
i left my little sister to die, alone in the woods
I was a prostitute on Grindr
A true story based upon my first sleep paralysis.
Eyes on Me
Creepy BMW...
I snuck into my daughter's room and I wish I hadn't
The reason why I hated camping
Today I Found out what Happened to my Mother 13 Years ago.
The Red Cloak Japanese Urban Legend Horror story
I saw one of my roommates (who is generally chill) taking a log to the forest next to our apartment complex. Said he was going to make a campfire and put stones around the place, should I assume he’s going to start a forest fire?
An Evil Spirit Ruined My Sisters Life, And Now It’s Coming After Me
The Polaris Experiment- Part V- final
We found something alien in a cave system in Colorado
I lived in a Secretly Quarantined City
I think I have colon cancer
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 13/ Finale)
My life is falling apart
AITA for knocking over my girlfriends candles because her games are getting out of hand?
Baby boy
I Was a Casualty of a Glitch in The Matrix
I stole a pair of handcuffs. Now every time I wake up, I see something horrible.
Come Out, This Isn’t Funny Anymore!
My brother is being discriminated by the villagers. (Part 1)
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the Angel of Death (Part 1)
Uncle Peter walked on the ceiling
I work for an organisation that takes care of other dimensional beings - Journal 2
I think my roommates hate me, and I have no idea why.
Did anybody else stop at a “Disney” Park in Georgia in 1980?A good bartender knows just what you need
I had a dream under the Wolf Moon...or was it?
I dialled a wrong number the day that my daughter died.
It started in the PNW (Part 1)
Houses Are Not Haunted, People Are
In God's House, Part One (final draft)
Mr. Lore: Only my sister can console me
Elevator 3 is haunted
I performed an autopsy on myself.
my girlfriend
curious cats always die
My family left for dinner but I hear whispers in the other room.
On Her Deathbed, My Grandma Told me The Family Secret is a Murderous Being That Gets Passed Down Part 2
Four of the most popular kids in my school disappeared a few days ago. Today, I found them.
The disbarred lawyer and the poppy seeds.
Three Bad Nights
The Mysterious Screaming
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's
Lost and confused
The Granger Estate (1)
My Most Terrifying Experience as a Lifeguard
Home invasion story
Filling in the Void
i was told to post this here, it's one of my recurring nightmares
Awesiaki: Chapter nine - June 1635
Anyone heard of DAGON Maritime Shipping? Report of an abandoned fishing yacht (Part 2)
Why I can't stand the smell of sagebrush
My therapist was successful in making me one of the most positive person in the world
My Roommate is a Haunted Doll (Part 2)
Better Than One
"Who Am I..?"
"The monsters are here"
The Good Boy
Tom's Eats
Christmas Movies Saved My Life
My log of hunting The Wolf
Book of Soyga Tables Fed Through Google Translate
Something Big was Downloaded from Deep Space Yesterday
My little brother has the ability to wield fire. He burns parts of my body to keep me in line. (Part 1)
Galina's School for the Blind
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later he still alive - Part 3 Final
The Color Red
I used to be a Pizza Delivery Driver, now I'm on the run.
No Caller ID part II
That Wasn't Ley
Something is off at the university libraryThe End of Days. PART 1
I have no rules in my night security job because i have to discover them myself... (Part 2)
Mr. Inconvenience
Out of body?
Budbärarna #5 - Lån, äganderätt, politik och korruption
I met a man who sold bottles of gold.
Has anyone seen strange things at the Dollar Tree recently? (Part 2)
The girl that i loved since the 8th grade.
I took some friends of mine shipwreck diving out on my boat. We found one wreck in particular that whoever went down, came back different.
Are you sick?
Anybody else? Find them
Mole People Beneath New York City?
Organizational AliExpress Finds for the Organized RepLady
My parents have some weird rules
We weren't allowed to talk to women.
AITM?
I was researching AI before it was cool.
I can see it but no one else can
Call of Cthulhu; Elsa Von Werner
I'm obsessed with the Foo Fighters, so when I saw Dave Grohl in line for a slice of Pizza last week, I knew it was the opportunity of a lifetime.
Our daughter's new friend
Don't Take the Cure
My mom mightve predicted the area 51 raid...?
Appreciating what you have.I rented a costly room. It wasn't worth it.
The reason I stopped Urban exploring
I Had Let Him Out, And He Helped Me
I'm interrogating an invincible man. He opened my eyes to a whole new world of terrors.
The Phantom of the Atlantic Coastline Railway
There's a man who follows me around and narrates my life, and he's started to say some unsettling things
Me and my five year old son only stayed in our new house for 12 hours.
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Part 2)
I wrote a letter and now I'll suffer forever
My Brother Geoff
I'm a serial killer and I need your help
I've always known my boyfriend is a little protective, but last night I think I found out why people I meet go missing. (Part 1)
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 2
rotten III
I think coronavirus isn't the only thing that has been spreading here.
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 2
I can't even die
I don’t sleep (;
I was the star of a deep web cam for 40 days
Brother pranks me on Halloween, ends with us moving away
My family has a tortoise that produces a tarot card for every member born. The horror isn't just in the new ones, it's in the old ones.
Homeless Martha
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 14, The End
Something deadly escaped from a biohazard truck near Istanbul International Airport
My Boyfriend Cooked Dinner For Once!
After Reading This Message, You Will Die
My Brothers and Sisters Lived in a Secret Room
There is something weird going on at the hospital I work at. Part 2.
I found the journal of a murderer in a forest close to my town with fairly recent incidents. Part 1
There is an abandoned village far in the woods near my reserve, I can hear something whenever I walk close to it.
Need help.
A stalkers tale
I was having sex with my girlfriend, what I saw in the window shocked me
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again.
Spooky Rule List Found In Grandma's House *So Scary*
Alexander's Song
The stairs in the woods
I run a safe haven for monsters. The Tunguska event started something terrible for all of us.
I can't sleep :(
Lock Your Doors (Part 1 of 3)
The name carved into my mind
Shattered Thoughts
The worst story here
Something happened in my town that scarred me
Please help me make sense of what happened in my childhood
Someone’s in My Attic
Never take a short cut
A friendly reminder
Labyrinth of Tunnels
Worst psychosis trip
We See Angels
This is just a house
Childhood memories part 2: The home of god.
Something strange came into town
The Basement Dweller
Graveyard Investigation
The Arden Road Horror
What is wrong with this camp.
I don’t know how i feel about these events
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Seven)
Moster
Why you shouldn’t fall asleep in class
They Never Stop the Song at Small World
It won’t leave
I Worked At A Country Club. I Am Not The Same Anymore (Part 1)
I found an old diary while I was hiking in xxxxxxx Preserve Trails...
The Wonders of Nighttime Driving
The man who watched the bus. (First story.)
Red Fish
The Girl On The Other Side Of My Street Is Pretty
Lucid dreaming for dummies
Dhjshs
My Beautiful Baby
Please help.. I think I just killed my best friend...
Stay in the Light, and Keep it Noisy!
I wish I had only had one sister
Art Imitates Life
The Forest With The "Taker"
The Doll with a Red Scarf
My Father Stood Still for Three Weeks... and Counting
I went to an abandoned house with my best friend.
If I had known
Clasp
The Dark Pt. 2
the matriphagy of leana (read comments pls)
Summer Windows
I’m sick but I don’t think it’s normal, can someone please offer any help? (Journal #1)
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
The Lights.
My Childhood
We tried to steal a Christmas tree from our rail trail. Theft was the least of our worries.
There’s something strange about my teacher
The SCP Who Speaks With No Mouth
My mother won't stop turning my radio off.
The Lost
"I was haunted because of what I did to her"
"A sex worker's complaint"
There's a window inside my house whose view does not reflect what is actually outside
Please. Please stop drinking water. ALL water.
My Town Had a Set of Rules to follow on Saturday's
I don't think my depression medication is actually for my depression...
Be white-eyed
The path leads East
What is the scariest thing to ever happen to you?
A Hypnotist came to perform at our School. Nobody understood his final act
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales (Part 1: Greed/Gluttony)
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
Are your nightmares supposed to last for millennia?
Our daughters new friend
Daddy isn’t nice
I Am Trapped and Mortally Injured: Please play this text horror game so I can be saved.
Looking for a specific creepy subredditEverywhere I go, there’s fire
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig  "The Curse"
Its called The Little Boy
My friend lives in the mountains and I stumbled on something underground.
I Will Never Forget This Night
I am stuck in The Backrooms | Part 2
I Had A Weird Night At My Apartment A Few Years Ago
American Pie, Floor 7.5, and the Fetus of Despair (Part One)
Any suggestions?
I keep having these "hallucinations", i don't know what to do
I think the thing I saw in the woods followed me home.
The White Hound
My daisy
Yourtopia
One Must Feel
???
I Can't Get Rid of my Psychotic Ex-Girlfriend - Even After She Died.
My wife’s been acting weird and I might be in danger.
What I Saw In The Storm
5 creepiest encounters people had
Every year we go camping at the same spot. This year, our spot wasn't there...
I just went through 10 minutes of horrifying sleep paralysis.
Spooning
What is better to perform a 6 hour task: 2 hours of sleep and waking up even worse than awake or pulling an all nighter?
I think I found my best friends kidnapper on tiktok (Part 3)
In Love With Evil...
I Dreamed Of My Future. It Didn't Look Like This.Show Me The Way To Go Home, I Am Tired and I Want to go to Bed
I work At The Only Pizza Place In Town (Part 2)
Looking at you through the glass
Me and My Sister Were Saved From Our Abusive Father Made of Two Kids
Hello, Old Friend
The Balloon Man
My Gift at my Company Christmas Party Kills Germs, As Well As My Co-Workers
I Saw Mommy Killing Santa Claus
Students have been going missing from my school. No one knows what's happened to them, except me.
Incident in Wallstreet
I woke up to a full-body apparition.
I got into a rap battle with my sleep paralysis demon
Our entire town is snowed in and that's the least of our troubles.
Don’t disturb the tents in the woods
It Rattles
Eyes on You Part 1
The fair
Need Help remembering a title
Brighter Futures will be back in business soon
I should not have slacked off during online class
Headless ghost in front of the church
The Night Shift
There’s monkey creatures in Vegas...
My wife became friends with the new neighbor, she acts very different when my wife isn't around
Me and my cameraman got lost in a forest and were chased by a monster. The people who came to rescue played a horrible joke on me.
My mom seems off lately.
Something happened in the sky but no one remembers
Always turn off the lights
GOOGLE ID2020 - mark of the beast.
You ever heard of shadow people?
I thought my dog's disappearance was just another one of his routine runaways and he'd be back within the hour.
I Have A Rather Simple Job
They say I'm one of the richest person on Earth
Cleaning Companies Have A Knack For Ghost
My own dream came to life to haunt me.
The creature that haunts Halloween
Something's in My House Pretending To Be My Wife
The legend of the real monster who got an entire town evacuated
I think someone's disappeared
I started dating a paramedic and am horrified by his reasons for saving lives
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Debbie does daggers!
Dead Awake
Fictional Story My epic adventure with kraken
I am heading out now. Don't wait up.
I need actual help. I have no idea where else to post this.
My friend and I experienced something very disturbing by the train tracks. We will never be the same.
I moved into a rundown apartment complex. The other tenants and the mushrooms growing everywhere worry me.
Was it really a dream..?
The Tunnel...or...When Darkness acts like the Light
Things are getting weird
I am stuck on a train in a tunnel for 35 hours. I think everyone is dead.
What I Lost in the Pond
A Man Has Come to Drag Me to Hell, That Happens Tonight
I don't know who I just met.
I cant sleep
Oh Sweetheart
Hell On Earth I hope it burns
Figure of the night
The Boil!
Rules for working at a haunted house
I Mistook a flare for a firework.
To anyone who reads this, I’m so sorry.
Are there any others out there like me? And how do I control this? Please let me know if you have any information. (Part 2)
I Work as a Janitor For Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, This is the Only Call I Took
Bit by Bit
The Mocker (Part 1)
Room 545: A Vampires Lullaby {P1}
Green Lake - PLACEHOLDER
I'm an angel that been stationed at Earth for 10 years.
Looking for scary story!
I'm respawning or something?
There Was Someone Underneath My Bed
The Windigo at Walker Valley
A stranger came up to me in the supermarket today and claimed to be my husband.
I live in an apartment building underneath the cemetery. Rent is complicated.
They're all around us; they just choose not to show themselves
We Found The Youtube Channel of A Classmate Who Died In A Car Accident
Don't be ridiculous. You're not really sick.
This still keeps me awake..
Bailey's Trunk or Treat
I discovered something by accident, now the entire US government wants me dead.(PART 1)
You Should've Ran...
My girlfriend has been acting very strangely today.
About Daniel Part 2
The minutes after 2:34 AM
Never Again
"alquaranth-zll"
Weird live video randomly appeared on my tv at 12:30am
"I have to take you with me"
Tales From A Lonely Motel: 7
“36 Hours Remain”
Infected City
A good deed done, is it's own reward
Sleepless Death
A Helpful Dark
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 7).
My mum story
I got stuck with a pet demon. Do you know how scary these things are?
My friend told me about an r/nosleep post that go after girls (from like 3/4 yrs ago) and I want to prove to her it's fake.
I think I'm being followed by something at work
The man in the fog.
There Are No Aliens In Area 51, But There Is Something Much Worse
Be a good sister (part 2)
First sleep paralysis experience: The Deformed Man, Sam
My friend thought he was being haunted
Code
The Witches and Warlocks of River Leaf (Story 2)
The strange woman from my dream is real (Part 2)
Allways read the terms and services
The legend that Dyatlov's Pass has become
It Watches (Part 4)
A man seems to appear throughout time before unfortunate events
Cupid's Mouth
Anything my daughter draws, comes to life
There's a local legend in my town about a ghost train. I found the recordings of a reporter who tried to investigate it.
I can’t sleep with open doors, why?
Before the alien invasion, it was a regular, boring day at the library.
I woke up in a school but, why can't I find my way out?
Schoolwide Survey
I grew up in the woods in a remote area
Beast
Never Take a Housekeeping Job at The Winchester Hotel
I died and switched dimensions
hi this is a short experience i had
Truth about the stairways in the woods
My Great-Grandfather is the Reason I Lost My Leg
To those who will listen, my disorganized thoughts.
The Tall man in Coat and Hat Disappeared ( part 1 )
Martin could only breathe through dead things
A man inside my house that was never there
We went on a road trip to meet my friend's true love, but we found something more sinister...
I gotta get out of Boston
My horrifying discovery from a old high school yearbook
I found a cursed journal in my new house and I'm not supposed to read it alone (Part 3)
Declassified Incident Investigation: xxxx Iraq Transcript A 2007
My wife talks in her sleep. What she says sometimes terrifies me.
This House
My Anxiety
please , please help me.
A tape recorder
trying to find this story
Reality is just a illusion.
My Little Sister's Wedding
The window in the bathroom
The shadow creatures are back
I'm a florist, but my phone number is one digit off from the local priest's. The calls I get are stranger than you think.
I’m a psychotherapist who specializes in unlocking repressed memories.
Brand New Channel
Döppelganger
Peter is Broken
The storm almost got me
**** *******’s application for parole.
The Man in the Wardrobe
I think I have a yandere stalking me
Bad Things in the Ouachita National Forest Part 3
Are you not Entertained?
saaaas
If You’re On an Overnight Train to Moscow, Don’t Look Out The Windows
Our local grocery store sold products that don’t exist and I’ve never been more hungry in my life
So, Cerberus Showed Up At My Door. He's Actually a Very Good Boy.
I run a secret Discord server on which famous YouTubers brag about their illegal and horrifying ideas. Their ideas are starting to become a reality.
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that should not exist  Finale
My uncle was being touched and I didn't even even know
It’s Time You Find Out That We Exist... We Are Watching
The Basement Kitchenette of Discarded Things
I think there’s something in my house
Crappiest date of my life (Tinder)!
Beyond the road
I know you're not going to believe me
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 3)
Murder. Betrayal. Missing posters. (Part 1)
The Little Girl Who Couldn't Feel The Cold
Silence is gold (pt 1) *might be sensitive to some people*
I found something CREEPY in a SpongeBob flash game, his name is Yummer.
I am responsible for something worse than death happening to over a hundred children.
1930's cartoons
When I was 10, my dad took my brother and me out to the woods to bury the body of a woman he murdered
I wish to sleep and never wake up.
The lumberjack
Tar people
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to video call me, and I don't think there will ever be another
The Thing That Lingers
It is clear the only option is suicide, the ending of my family line.
I didn't think it could actually happen to me
I'm being forced to face my demons on the longest first shift ever
The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree
The Scungilli Man...
It talks to me
I played minecraft again. What happened broke my heart (short)
Observer
Bad Dummy
The Cold Place
Smoke inhalation
mister forevermore man
I want you to play the left-right game
I woke in the hospital and I think I'm in danger
Tainted Secrets and Properties
I've Been Hearing A Disturbing Noise In The Dark Woods Behind My Home At Night. I'm Finally Going To See What It Is.
The Moonlight Society (Part 1)
Ever been Ghosted?Welcome to the Forgotten Martin Street....
Does anyone remember the mars landing?
The infinite room
He took me to the other side, and I was perplexed, that's his way of saying goodbye. Some may find this beautiful, some not so much, but I hope ya'll give it a read. Peace :)
Don’t go trick-or-treating alone
The Obelisk in the Valley
Sometimes I get high, and I find new documents on my computer 03 - Brain Synchronicity
I’m a private Investigator. I am trapped inside a lunatic asylum nobody has ever heard of. Something terrible is going on here. Part 1
Stories from El Mimbre
Nature’s Insanity
My husband leaves every night at 3:00 AM and comes back an hour later. He was drenched in blood. (PART 1)
Family of five
Have you ever been high on no sleep?
During day, my dad seems normal, but at night, he turns into something beyond your greatest fears.
They'll Store Your Soul for Free
I’m a bus driver for the zombie apocalypse, this my story
I'm paranoid for a reason.
My cat started staring at our hall at around 3am
Don't stop at Armdale
I Am Possessed and I Need Help
I Haven't Been Able to Sleep for Months
I found a weird CD hidden in the wall. This is a transcription of its contents.
What are paranormal entities?...
Remnants of The Past and The Problems That Come with Them: Entry One
Sometimes working Search and Rescue has it's perks. Sometimes it makes me want to quit.
Someone knocked on my bedroom door. I live alone.
That thing my dad brought home isn't my mother.
I was too young to realize what was going on...
The distant scream and what followed
My shiftmate isn't human
Inheritance: Chapter OneI am simply known as "the masked hero." But I feel like I'm being used.
I need some help
Sophia's Body
I think I'm stranded with Mad Old Mister Holland (part 5)
I went through a door that shouldn’t exist, and now I’m afraid to fall asleep
The Ghost in the Bathtub is Killing my Town
Demonic Assassin
Tell me scary stories!
There's blood in the water.
It started with leg cramps
It came at night, lives in the woods and tried to kill my cat.Playful spirit girl in my dorm
My wife and I made a terrible decision a decade ago. It came back
Something strange is happening on my social media feeds
Consume
I was an intern on a late-night Japanese game show in the late '90s
I was a leading scientist at AspectLabs, Wuhan China. What escaped wasn't *just* Covid19... Part 1: The Secrets Not Shared
Sanctorum- Chapter 1
For years, demons have been torturing me in my sleep
What Nani!?
The Teddy Bear 'Picnic'
Sin Eating
Isolation Study, March 11th 2019 - January 8th 2020
The Figure In My Dreams
How Being A Nobody Saved My Life
I NOTICE A QUOTE
my first short story chapter 1
The biding of isaac intro
The Cabin Killer
I didn’t ask for this...
getting your full UK driving license online
My phone was working in my dreams
I've got a bit of a problem
I grew up in a remote area of the woods (Part 3)
I work for a pharmaceutical company that conducts animal experiments. There are no accidents in AE Labs.
I'm Lily Madwhip and This is My Odyssey
The End of Times
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in...
The Legend of DJ Hey Zeus
It is the year 2003 and this goddamn war won’t end
Boston, the dog I adopted. The Revealation.
My Father Talks in His Sleep, But it's Not His Voice... It's Hers.
Inexcusable urge to lick doorknobs
Lighthouse in the Woods
The School Shed
My roommate had kiddnaped me
Dear Diary - Part 1
The story of an abandoned factory seemed like a ghost story. But for three young boys it was all too real.
My experiences with Gui Da Qiang
My School's Lockdown
My childhood imaginary friends
Having some issues at night ....
Probably the Shortest, Most Uneventful Story on this Sub.Might not be as “terrifying” as other stories here, but this truly happened to me in the woods by my old apartment.
My hallucinations are mostly quite nice. Mostly.
the thing under my covers keeps waking me up..
Why why why
Mortality 4 Mama (Fiction)
Paranormal and conspiracy Electric Valentine
A Present For My Love
Being the only person in the entire room, the weird sounds from outside were getting to me; so I went towards the door, looking at the knob and closed it.
I took home an abandoned bag from the Soviet housing projects. I will never feel safe again.
I used to deliver pizzas. Now I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy.
The visitor
My Daddy's Workshop
The Drowned. Written in one sitting while in the bathtub.
I'm Lily Madwhip, Mother of Monsters
The Art Of The Wendigo Part 1
I loved you forever.
Sticky notes
I’m a dentist for monsters. I prefer the city to villages.
"Tick, Tock, Tak-tak-tak"
143 - part 3/3
I met the Christmas Spirit 20 years ago. I’m meeting her again tonight.
My new town changes when the sun sets for 2 months (Pt 3)
Disrespecting the Dead
The Girl Who Caught My Eye
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
The Woods are Silent Once MoreSeeing red eyed demons and kids.
My name is Christine, I don't have a face and my time is running out.
My Best Friend Is Trying To Get Me Killed
Snowman
It is true.
That Blurry Faced Woman
Don't meet people from the Internet in person. Looks are never what they seem.
Positively Posting to NoSleep For Our Sakes!
THE CONFESSIONS OF BRITTANY
My parents gave me a cat for my birthday. Now the cat is being "overprotective".
My only best friend（It's too weird…）
Do Not Breathe In And Out!!!
Something is Lurking Inside the Walls of my Mother's Bedroom.
Photophobia
I keep ending up at the bottom of the stairs when I trip. Advice?!?
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. I will never be able to close it again.
Ở đâu bán rèm cửa đẹp Bắc Ninh Chất Lượng - Rèm Thêu
Something weird has been going on at my University since COVID-19 came to the UK
Every minute a world ending event is prevented.
What Really Happened at the Sunspot Solar Observatory
My flight made a detour through the Bermuda triangle, I almost didn't survive.
I am a sucurity guard on a train and I sould have been more careful.
The shadow was alive!
testimonies of freedom
The World Ended In July of 1999 (Part 2)
What do you guys think of these scary Randonautica Stories ? Could hackers actually get the live locations of people and hunt them down through it ? IN fact, some teenagers found an actual corpse with this
Every year my town throws a huge festival...
The Ghetto Challenge
Becoming a night guard at a military base wasn't what I thought #2
Only the Bad Ones
Wanna go for a Ride?
I found a iPhone in the dumpster. There's only one contact (par 1)
Tales from the Desert.
The Cosmic Beyond: The Cosmic Guard
Found Journal - Pyramids of Egypt
Are the stories here real?
Am 24. Mai 1970 begann die Sowjetunion mit einem Projekt, das unter dem Namen Kola-Supertiefbohrung bekannt werden sollte (Кольская сверхглубокая скважина). Obwohl es seit langem aufgegeben wurde, existiert das Bohrloch noch heute und misst etwa 40.000 Fuß in der Tiefe.
The Spine Crawler
Something's comes to our back garden..
Mr_Outlaw_ Appreciation Post
Part 2 of "I Think Something is Wrong..."
9:26
We were tasked to find a cure for immorality
Testing if I can post
I Smoked PCP With A Demon
I don't panic for any reason when it comes to spyexpert0@gmail.com because am very sure of results........
Why I have Stopped Doing Social Work
My best friend was killed last night. These were our final text messages to each other.
Introverts in my town are frickin insidious. They are going to soon lead us all to doom
The Change in my Grandfather
Change
Made With Love
Literally couldn't sleep, or move
Anyone know how to get rid of earwigs?
My brother left this notebook
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank
I Died But I am Still Here
I think my wife and kids are actors (finale)
Lockdown.
The Dangers of Swiping Right
Story about my old stuffie cupcake
Paranormal
I'm so sick of OK Cupid
I think there is a chip in my brain
I visited my old childhood tree-house. (Part 3)
Looking for your stories
A Short Voyage
School lockdown
V̶̹̈́̋̐͊̃̃i̶̛̪͚͙̯̺̓̏́̿͛̌͝͝r̵̟̯͖̟̮̝̯̆̈́͆̀̕͠ų̷͚̟̬͍͉̥͂̾̃̈́͐͝ś̷̼̗̗̏̏̃̅͝
figure in the doorpost
Whatever you do, don't stare at the trees!
The Cold – Part 2
There's a strange newspaper tha'ts only delivered at midnight...(Part 2)
The Jester
The thing i saw last night.
Necromancy for Beginners part 1
Blackwoods Bend Part Seven - The Shrieking Child
In the House without Windows and Doors you can wait out the Apocalypse
My School just went to a unexpected field trip to nowhere
Subway, Eat Flesh.
I think I just found a plane crash that never happened.
Beneath the Surface of the Water
Lindwen Cave
There’s Someone In That Hole In The Ground
Psychological Horror Series| Comfortable,Insanity; Part 1
Precious
Bonzo’s Benevolent Adventure
Help me get out.
Noah’s Playground (Part 1)
My Herd (Part One)
NoSleep Podcast Live UK Tour!
I inherited an old psychiatric hospital from my grandfather (Part 2)
The Other Place
Please do me a favor, and just take a breath
Crack
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals ADMINISTRATOR RECOVERY ATTEMPT 002
Something terrible happened 64 years ago
There's an old door in my new house's basement, and I think it leads to hell.
He is watching.
The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multi-stage aerobic test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.
Under the Ground: Finding infested people or my employer's past is terrifying
I Heard Sirens During Quarantine.
What happened at Camp Eventide PART 2
The Things Made of Spare Body Parts
Wide Set Eyes And Little White Gloves
Waiter in the Woods: Recording 1
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away. (Part 3)
I’ve lived in a basement all my life but now I know the truth
Anywhere there's a face, he can see you.
The Amazing Mr Majestic
"I don't even want to ask"
If You See A Car With Something Inhuman In The Back Seat, Don't Follow It
I keep hearing my name being called when it’s late at night
I heard a woman screaming from my second floor dormitory window at 1:30am
I was attacked last week by a bizarre stranger. What he did to me makes no sense.
I Saw Ghosts In The Woods
Creepy Camp Crywood
Dear Diary: Help
my brother's missing, I found some weird stuff in his journal
Menacing Grin
My Brother and I Went Hunting, Something Followed Us Back
If you meet Dr. Mood don't make a deal with him, you'll regret it.
"But, you don't have a sister."
I’m Trapped in a Zoom Meeting
The Deep Dark Woods.
Do Not go into the Forest at Night
My daydreams are coming true
There is not going to be a 2020
Repent. Please.
I saw a dead bride in my house
The flutist in my neighborhood
Siren's
Not a word...
Maple Falls is a Paradise
7:20am
I work at a hotel. They gave me a strange set of rules to follow.
The Skinwalker of Moonsville Woods
My dog is acting weird. Any help you can give in the comments is appreciated.
Not All Sins are Forgiven
I grew up in a town that made all the childeren meet the 'Angel Reaper' (part 2)
I used to be a psychiatrist
Our station is breaking down.
Burnt Black - My first short story
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Two)
When I was 6 my dog threw up on my computer and I think I cried 🤔🤔
My College is Haunted
I thought outside the box.
Lawn gnomes (part one)
I accidentally spent the night in a haunted house and I went to tell you about it.
That Presence
I am a serial killer who has to withhold his urges for bloodlust when I'm with my companion
The ruminations of the Speres houses
Soul searching
the siren head outside of my window
I'm a Police Dispatcher, all my units are going into an Apartment Building, and not coming out.
If you are reading this, there isn’t much time.
People Are Watching Us
The Saloon, Part One
Midnight Estate Sale
I lost four hours last night.
I love playing the piano, but someone or something likes watching me play just as much.
Anybody knows actual good/serious youtubers who post paranormal stuff?
The IMAX Experience
My sleep paralysis story
I can't stop myself from killing my friends
My friend in the window
I didn’t know whether to quit or stay
The Lubbock Third Eye Experiments:
There's something in my house. I have a video to prove it.
A Fine Day Indeed
Every three months, I get an organ removed. Last time, they took out something far worse.
My nighttime walks
Carpeted bathroom
Log Book Part 2 The shadows come to get you
I think I might be dead or something
I Can See Alternate Realities. I think I'm going to die
There’s a man behind my house and I confronted him
The truth about the edna collins bridge
I was pinged 44 times on discord.. Dont Look Behind You
You can try to run, but you can’t escape it
I'm too terrified to sleep without a night light
i swear he waved at me
"The Legend of Sudmis Crossing."
My world is shrinking, and I’m afraid it might happen to you too.
I took a temp job cleaning ‘neckbeard nests’. I found something. I think I’ve made the worst mistake of my life.
I Don't think i'm Safe Anymore (Updates might come soon so to be safe we will number this pt.1)
I moved in with my boyfriend and I don't think his poltergeist is happy about it
Where The Orphans Played
Boneyard
todas las noches venía a visitarme
My Girlfriend Got Lost playing the hooded man game. I don't think I can get her back (FINAL)
I'm a Supernatural Private Investigator and I Met a... Being in a Library and I Can't Get It Out Of My Head...
I’m stuck in a pocket dimension with demons.
I want to go
I'm a manager at Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 7)
Iterum
We never go out alone during lockdown
Tiny Gods
There is something wrong with my dog and i need help
I can't get back home.
The Richter Hotel is Full of Weirdness
I am heading out soon. Don't wait up.
The brother I used to know
Kansas City
They were mistakes in the documentary
The Demons In The Woods
Ever Since My Mother Hanged Herself, The Dead Have Watched Me
this was "fun"
Prometheus station is lost a parasite took over stay away
I don’t think I was wanted in that house..
The Tortured Lilith Ritual
Some terrifying creature lives at my house and comes if i let my guard down.
My Late Father Left Me Everything
Something in the dark *part 1*
Are these house rules normal?
You Gotta Love That Drip
Weird Shit I've seen working for a ParaMilitary Company - I hate darkness, but duct tape helps.
Just don't look down
Shush
Something roams in the bushlands of Australia and its hungry for blood
My parents brought home some artifacts from an ancient civilization. Now my basement has turned into a tomb.
The space children
The Anonymous Violinist
Do you know what cats and humans have in common?
My co-worker was born into a cult. This is all he told me before he went missing.
When Dreams Become Reality.
I keep hearing my voice when I'm not talking, and now my mom and my roommate have, too. (Repost after mod removal and subsequent fixes)
The Countdown Watch
Goldenrod
The dangers of "intentional sleeping" include revealing a murder and almost being murdered yourself. PART ONE
Will You Open the Door?
Father, where is the screw driver?
Ghost Stories from My Childhood.
Marie Sevyenov
The mother-in-law unit moved closer each day
late night poem
I found an unopened letter in my mom's attic after her funeral. I shouldn't have read it. Part III
The weird accounts of the Mars 2044 Expedition
That four-legged thing
We Lost Some Time
Tag your it
The First time my father saw a Skinwalker
A historic storm closed all the roads leading to our ski resort. I don't know who to tell about the dead bodies I keep finding.
Hell is other hikers
I’m A Monster On The Run From My Past, It’s Catching Up
I Wish We Never Took Our Trip To The Mountains
He was just joking..
I found some concerning entries in an old journal.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon GridNN 2019 Baby Infant Kids Girl Boys Soft Sole Crib Toddler Newborn Sandals Shoes
When A Demon Cries (part 2)
University Tunnels
The Cemetery Files Part 1
Blueberry Pancakes
The Wolf of Rivers Edge
I’ve lived here all my life and haven’t seen anything strange, at least not until recently
I used shadow pepper against my grandmother's wishes. Now I don't know who to trust.
The ringing in my ears isn't tinnitus: it's a ghost frequency
The Monster Of Jaeger Streer
I bet my brother that he couldn’t raise the dead
How i killed herobrine (FOR GOOD)
I found strange audio recordings on my phone that I don’t remember making. The lock screen on my phone says: listen to the voice notes.
China Abduction Cont.
The Motel
I know what happened to some of those "Missing" people. It started with this skater dude...
The void of lost and forgotten.
I'm a maintenance man for the Hotel Inertia and the third floor has a constant sound that's making people sick...
A warm summer night
S'mores
Earwigs
Here's a creepy story
I am a soldier at site Omega military base. The rules for my job are both weird and terrifying
The neighbor poisoned me. I recount my story to you as I lay here dying, with my mother by my side..
Can't sleep most nights
I’m a fucking machine.
Stuck Here
Battle of Luna Base
The Adult Tooth Fairy
Tonight Something Dangerous will Roam the Earth
Ouija Board Possible Zozo encounter?
I recently booked a hotel and immediately regret it when I found the list of rules I have to follow.
showing some support
Found a subreddit about me (update)
There's something in the sewers you need to know about...
Real life no sleep
Eat Prey Love
My boss is friends with cultists.
(Part 1 of 2) Security Detail
There’s a Face looking up at me from the Pond outside my House
Awesiaki: Chapter ten - August 1637
Seven Men
Visiting the Crash Site
My brother came back after being kidnapped. Now I don’t even recognize him anymore.
sunlight.mp4 #1
I Was Off Planet When the World Ended.
No matter how long I dig, I can't find my kids
I received an email containing my full name and social security number
When the world falls silent
HE comes once a year (part 4 )
1936: The Creature I Will Never Forget
So I Got Kidnapped and Now the Other Girl is Saying We're His Twins? (Part one)
My mom always told me not to answer the door for strangers. I wish I listened
I slay monsters for a living. A tale of a haunted house.
I think there’s something happening with my primary school and these are my stories
I was sent to build homes in Ohio, it was almost the death of me. Part 2 - Settled in, but unsettled to the core.
The laughing jester of Inverness.
Hi, I'm Lizzy Culligan, and I'm Stuck at an Evil Summer Camp.
Don't get out of bed at night !!!👀
I've been having nightmares about killing people for years. Today I found out they weren't dreams, and I know who's going to die next.
I would often wake up panicking after my sleep paralysis, but could not remember what was scaring me during it. But today, I remembered.
So I have had a headache for weeks (part 8)
hello
I found a poem written by my depressed teenage son that just died
I never believed in voodoo, but now I know it’s real
confession
I’ve finally discover why we could only find headless stags in the forests lately. And now I just fucking wish to leave this horrifying place - Part 2
This unforgiving world
The people at the end of my bed who just stare at me
I brought a video camera to the bedroom, my wife wasn't happy.
There's No Sun Anymore *Update 2*
The future
To Emilia, with Love and Worry
How To Get Away With Murder
I own a pawn shop for oddities and creatures the public doesnt and cant know about
3 short story's
Somehow I found my way to a different world, but its not as friendly as it seems. PART-2
Surprise Daddy
I never thought of doing reference checks before I married “my wife”
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 4
Could I be haunted or my new home be?
Can u kill yourself by taking enough zzzquil?
I got deep scars on my back from the Yokai.
The Girl Living in the Apartment Above
About Daniel Final
I'm working at a hotel that doesn't get many guest anymore. There's a set of disturbing and unusual rules. (Part 1 of 3)
I stopped working at the airport because....
Help me please
Why did it follow?
My name is Daniel Lazare and I am a sex worker for supernatural beings (part 1)
Mean
I found an easy way out of poverty
December 2019 Voting Thread
Please Stay Awake
I work the ER Department Night Shift, and this is some of the weird shit I’ve seen... part 2
I’m in my wife’s grave... It’s not very comfortable
The Royal Woodland Resort
I think I did something terrible while drunk last night
Somebody Broke Into My House
Wandering through the graveyard it felt like something was watching me. A shrill cry echoed in the mist.
Everything is changing! Part 1
I Found a Diary Tucked in a Brick at an Abandoned Psych Hospital Part 4
My Mother's Neighbor Might Be A Serial Killer
I need medical advice! I might’ve hurt someone, please help!
The Trees had Chalk Outlines of Children
This is why I don't let my grandpa play roblox, and I regret it.
I Saw A Clown In My Yard
Literally no sleep
Favors For Norse Gods: The Party
My mind hates me
Can't you hear it?
Sometimes The Devil Doesn’t Ask for your Soul
I am a Priest and I have to break my Seal.
If you want to live, don't go geocaching alone
Everytime I piss red come out
I Think I've Become The Next Target...Or The Next Killer
The voice won't leave my head
Camper's Welcome Packet for Camp Bide-a-Way
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (part 1)
Someone Sent Me What I Thought Was A Sea Monkey Kit. They Weren't Sea Monkeys.
I've had a stalker my entire life.
My Friend Disappeared From DisneyWorld
I wish I was never taught to see.
I am a member of Native American Tribe, and this happened when I was young.
the man in the painting
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 4
I paid a secret company £10,000 to dispose a body. Now, I am doomed.
11/17/99
Baby sitting job from hell
I AM FRENCH I'LL TRY TO WRITE CORRECTLY
If you live near the Gulf of Mexico, do not go to the beach at night. A Sea Monster Will Kill You (Part One)
Eerie Haunted House Experience
If you ever see a moving painting, please, just ignore it... (Update)
A Comedian’s Cry for Help by Tyler Cummings
Excerpts from the Angell's Notebook - Part Three (Final)
237: A Night on Crowd Road - Part 1
Kyle: the last stand (Kyle: monster hunter part 2)
My "friends" and I played a forbidden board game. Really, we should have just played scrabble instead.
Imagination movers is different
Party Poopers
I witnessed my friends murder on his Snapchat story
Stayin' Alive
Should I be scared?
My boyfriend died a couple years ago and I can't get over him.
You Hear the Angels
The Flag Poles
Everyone has secrets
No Sleep Funny Video
The video
Things you need
The Spirits I’ve known
Eldritch horrors are worse than imaginable...
I keep hearing and seeing an emergancy broadcast that no one else can (2 )
Mexican Succubus
Here’s a made up horror story I made ( just for fun) : Hide And Seek
Hippocrates's Paradox
Don't go out after midnight in Ireland.
Frame - Something I Couldn't Kill
Damnation Of The Lost
The creepy odd town
Have You Heard of the Tell-Tale Heart Game?
My friend, Greta, showed me something in the woods and I really need advice
We've found something on the Titan that, shouldn't have been there. (PART 1)
The weird place that I moved into
Pictures
The Midnight Game... I played it and I was a complete moron. I need to tell this to someone. (Repost because the other one got deleted and the redditor got banned)
not alone anymore
The Missing Children Case
Mr.Creeper
My Boyfriend and I Were Stalked in the Woods
The Diary Of Marcus Cane
Floor Zero
Missing friend
Silence
Did an r/nosleep story from 2016 get made into a movie?
I'm The Scrap Man!
This hiking trip turned out to be a major mistake.
Teddy???

Even in death, it remains true.
I received an unsettling alert on my phone
DON'T LISTEN TO THE RADIO
Do Not Fuck With The Unicorns
The Birds Are Craving Flesh
I Can't Die. Pt.(3) Welcome to Oklahoma.
What's Wrong with My Boyfriend
My Sister Won't Stop Staring At The TV Static
The Blood Bank was Hiring
I booked a cabin in the mountains. The previous guests left a strange entry in the guestbook
I Opened My Own Store Called Xeno, Theres Deadly Acid In The Closet
Somethings up at work
Commenting on NoSleep posts may cost me my life
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of: Firegaze (Part 2.)
Scary noises aren't scary...
buyingyoutubeviews
The Observers (Part 3) The Forest of Decay
My Imaginary Friend Became Something Far Far Worse As I Grew Up
Old man has been following me around since I was 6
It Was Just A Rat
Disappearance of my childhood home on diwali eve
Question About Writing Method
I found a place where the sun is silent
Homework (real story)
Nurm
Playing House
Aren’t you glad?
Ricinus commúnis
There's a reason the government doesn't want you planting the mystery seeds from China
Skunk Ape
im in the wrong reality
A strange sound
I recently inherited my grandfathers home and things are a bit off
Final Update on a New Species of Arachnid
Dark Oracle issue 1
Never Used
The Equine Observations of Alice Telling
It’s 5:11am and I haven’t got a wink of sleep
I keep waking up to my fingers disappearing. Now I am down to just five and a half and I still don't know why.
I experienced true freewill
The Dead Jungle Incident
I inherited a animal sanctuary, I wasn’t prepared for what resides there.
Cat Sitting (Part 1 of 2)
I Work as a Diamond Prospector in Northern Canada. That's not all That I find. Part 2
Hddh
Sadie's House for Silly Ghosts
Capewood Pt. 2 (Julian)
The doctor cannot operate
Lord they let that beast in fucking hell its killing us all
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
The Emergency Broadcast Won't Stop
( this is not a story I need help with something in the community) I can't find the title of a story I once read in this no sleep reddit
Part 2: My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things started to happen.
New job at the daycare
When we found the creature, we thought it was an angel. We were just kids, ignorant of life's horrors. But now that twisted thing is free, and there's nothing we can do to stop it.
I Need to Protect the World from My Daughter
I’m dying tomorrow, and I need someone to see this.
The Observers (Part 1) Hop on the Magic Tour Bus!
The Light Night
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 3
Does anyone ever feel like their end is coming?
Flames at the End of the Street
I tried a fast food place called Local Chickn, but it didn't turn out well
The fake blood
Things that go bump in my intern dormitory (part 1)
I caught the attention of a creature in the forest, and now its in my house.
I Witnessed a Murder and Now They're Coming After MeWeird Call.
I got a diary and it said...
Daniel's Gyroscope
I've worked in law enforcement for 30 years, and to this day I'm haunted by the case of Jane Smith
Erlkönig
The killer barbie doll
How much protein is in a single fruit fly?
My daughter likes to play pretend with her own Prince Charming. Today he asked me to marry him.
So i brought Clay, and everyday i wake up there is a new Clay sculpture on my desk.
A descriptive paragraph for my work in progress universe.
We discovered immortality, but something went wrong (part 3)
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children (Part 3)
Everyone in my neighborhood plants a corpse in their backyard. You do not defy the soil.
Shadowless//Part 1
I Live in an Uncharted Country. (Chapter 1)
We moved into a true house of horrors and now it won't let us leave
I saw something in that woods that made me run, even though I had a gun with me
Lasik surgery went very wrong... Help.
She's Going to Kill Me- Part II
My nightmares are getting worse
Camp Windborn’s Rules and Regulations
When it’s dark out...
A therapist cured my stage fright; now I’m dealing with something much worse
They are coming.
The Figures in the Blizzard
The Western Water Buffalo
The Hidden Unknown of the Blizzards
I don't know.
I got called in for a strange animal control job, we may all be in serious trouble.
I should die...
There was a car staking out my neighborhood
Let Go
The End is at Hand
my dream journal (warning sleep paralysis content)
Something has been eating the rats in my attic
Hey mom, did you hear about the kid that stabbed his mom on the news?
The Russian and US governments are working together to hide something in Siberia, we’re all doomed if it gets loose
Something Is Wrong With The Church’s Pumpkin Patch
Scary Story (GONE WRONG]
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land (Part II of V: The Lights)
At the door
And Miyoko Waited
Whispers in the Light
I Didn't Beleive in Monsters Until Yesterday Pt. 2
Feelings (11-11-2018)
The Nothing
She was under my house.
My years protecting the forest
I entered a cave, when i got out everything changed
I bought a second-hand calendar and I’m scared it’s predicting the future.
I (22F) have a really bad feeling about my neighbor (31M)
I CAN HEAR THEM SCREAMING
One night in hell
Please Don’t Open The Door
I have a story for those who will listen.
The thing on the ceiling
Twist. Steal. Stab.
Encounters With The Skinwalker of Moonsville Woods.
My Stepdad Raped Me. PART 1
HOW TO MAKE MONEY BOOK
It just has to be done
I collect bootleg media as a hobby, with some interesting finds.
Something Lives in the Warehouse
Somehow I've lost my name, and I'm not sure how to get it back, or if I even should.
I keep hearing and seeing and emergancy broad cast that no one else can (2)
It Got Loose And We Can't Find It
Kind of a repost
My Life is a paranormal hot spot (pt 2)
Novel Coming Soon
I made a deal with the Devil, or something like Him. Here's why you should to.
The perplexing story of “Me”
me being haunted by the same ghost boi in 4 stories
Do Not Search For Him In The Arctic Circle
I Thought Survival Lists were Bullshit Until I Found the Janitor’s Closet (Part 2)
Strange Being
The Devils Circle (Another Tale from the Woods)
And Now I Face the Consequences
The Breakfast Plate
The Houston Files; Hoax or Fact Part VII
If the lights go out at the grocery store late at night, get out before the locks disappear. If they do, it's too late. (Update #1)
Awesiaki: Chapter one - 1607
Found a weird note in the crawl space of my house
There's a man standing across the street from my house. He does this strange thing.
I sadly don't feel safe living here anymore..
Why I never joined a medical experiment ever again
The Old Calendar: March 11th
I followed it, and now I’m trapped in another world.
Your Demons Within
Balloon
Might Have a Wendigo. Just wanting pointers and such so I'm sharing my experience.
The Doll (END)
I keep failing to save my mother. This is my 2664th attempt.
The Case of Pale Eyes
The Woman of My Dreams
I’m A Mall Santa, And Something Is Seriously Wrong With These Elves.
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast
What Are Some Ways To Reduce Insomnia In My Cat?
I was Rear Ended by a Murderer; I Took my Body Back (FINAL)
I've sworn to never dye my hair again.
God Left Us in the Somme
I keep people in my basement as a punishment for their sins, but now they’re punishing me
There is a predator deep in the woods that doesn't eat flesh and blood...and I barely escaped it
I'm a goverment expariment on the run, help
On route to Pandora (Short Horror story)
A world parrallel to ours part 1
Rule #2 of Purgatory: Don't Ask Anyone How They Died
"Aren't You Glad You're Such A Sound Sleeper?"
Whats happening?
A Face Has Been Frozen Onto My TV For 72 Hours
Because I am Loved
Almost all paranormal experience in my life
CLASSIFIED TOP SECRET // RE: Incursion Event, ATTN: Lt. Co. Lenore Thompson
How I found out the Beatles weren’t a heavy metal band
Ways to survive a haunted house
I saw something as a Marine off the coast of Scotland.
There's an unseen world in the light, and a terrifying one in the dark
The confederate soldier and I
odd deja vu? day by day?
I woke up with a black figure with no face on top of me
My Poking Around the Internet Might be a Death Sentence
The Tune That Won't Let Me Sleep.
There are teeth growing out of my wound ... and there's still hair in my gum hole. (PART 3)
My family had a secret gingerbread recipe. Now I know why it’s a secret.
My bedroom door started locking itself a few weeks ago
File: Ryfts
It’s okay to let go.
Accounts From A Northern MN Cabin: Second Report
Can anyone see this? Update
Searching for the Rosie hour part 2
The Man (First horror story)
She likes to sleep alot (feelspasta)
The drug experiment (part 2)
Death Before Rise. Rise Before Death. Family.
There's a man in my closet and I don't know what to do
I made a visit to my local city's haunted house, what i saw was out of this world
I'm Scared to Let my Dog out at Night
I Used To Be a Social Worker. I Am Going to Tell You Why I Quit.
2 Terrifying Fortnite Horror Stories
I was born with three heads, and so was everyone else in my village
The government is after me
When the storm comes. Please, don’t look outside your windows.
An Encounter in the Rain
Area 51 and SCP foundation are the same thing
CBN for sleep?
So I Clipped Through a Mirror… (Part 1)
The first incident was on accident, but the second time was on purpose, and all because I made a deal with the devil
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. Things took a nasty turn.
I think my neighbor's wife is locked in a freezer in his basement - Part II
Felt like death itself was stalking me amongst the trees.
My Dog Protects Me From The Creatures In The Attic. I Don't Think I'm Going To Survive Much Longer.
I think my dead friend stole my boyfriend's soul
Does anyone from Pine Creek, VT remember the Werewolf Game?
Something scary in my burger king, but now its solved.
I can hear banging below the ground floor, but there isn't a basement (Part 3)
Need help or the things that have haunted me for years and changed me to who I am and hate.
I'm never buying anything from craigslist again.
My Dead Mom Is Knocking On My Door
Tales From The Diner - Part 4 - The Dullahan Incident
I can't sleep because I need answers.
Photos and videos taken in my phone while I was sleeping
A mystery
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (The Maze, Part 2)
What It's Like to Lead Two Lives
Looking for a specific type of story
Why I never go fishing in the evening
STD check
i am an internet addict, and this happened to me.
Selling my soul
The Creature from the hills
My plane is frozen midair and the other passengers are scaring me
The Cerberus Hungers for Flesh
A Haunting on Flynn Drive
Infected, Begging of the End.
Keyboard Cat
It All Started With A Noise
i need sleep
I can't find my parents and there are animals everywhere
I paid to a witch to see how she turned into a rare bird in Mexico.
"All Smiles"
Everyone Disappears.... Everyone Except It
I know the muffin man
I discovered an old bedroom in what is supposed to be my attic...
My fears
The Deef was never supposed to be something real
DON’T play the Midnight Man game!How to survive the apocalypse
I Ordered a Deep Web Box and It Has Been The Biggest Mistake of My Life. Part 1
𝚃𝚑𝚎 𝙳𝚛𝚎𝚊𝚖 {𝚙𝚊𝚛𝚝 𝚘𝚗𝚎}
The Passengers
I've come to terms with what I saw in the Ocean
DO NOT BECURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
TIFU By Posting Proof That Birds Aren't Real
I couldn’t go to sleep.
My hometown is cursed.
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 4)
The Drive Back
If You Ever See Black Eyed Children, Please Don't Make The Same Mistake That I Did
How to get hired in Hell
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything.
Scary Stories To Tell in The Dark - Harold
Some people on the NYC subway are not alive
Christmas red blood
I went on my first date last night. It was amazing, but...
Johnny No-Face
"There's something... off about him..."
Found a weird image on my computer, any explanations?
Spotify wants my suicide
Hortensia's Bible
The things we do for love
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying pt.2 and 3
FUCK ME.
There’s something in the pipes.
My mom's past
I saw a demon when I was a little girl.
My Girlfriend Can't Stop Drinking!
I Locked The House From Mr. Armless, Our NeighBour
the curious strange ones
I got a job at a local grocery store and there were some strange rules...
I Need To Stop Helping My Friends
The council of Zestativic
You were walking and noticed that one of your friends were missing
My mom passed away last night.
ConfirmationLucid Nightmare
February 15th will be two years since my cat died and the night that followed will haunt me forever.
Late night sleepover..
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. I’m not sure I want to live here anymore.
Please, never go Hunting in the Woods of Colorado
Just a Thought
Strange occurrences in my home
How to eat yourself in seven days.
The Woodland Stalker
if a carnival is opening up near you, don’t go
It's probably
WorldCorp enterprises return
We Interrupt You Yet Again - Three
My dentist put something inside my gums during my wisdom teeth removal.
Sky Turtle Tours
Fuse Box
My number neighbor just messaged me, but they weren't doing it for the trend
Something attacked a horse in a locked stable and no one can explain
My Husband Came Home...Different
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is What Happened to his Skin
My daughter takes care of business every night.
My car broke down with my pregnant wife inside and she'll never forgive me
Documents From the Clearview Asylum : Case File A: Ryan Amrolds
The Witch and the Cave. The terrifying life story of the very real Jewels Sharon. (Part 1)
Sleep has become my Prison
The dangers of urbexing.
I Escaped From a Separatist Community, But Can’t Shake Something I Saw
My Best Friend Didn't Commit Suicide
Is there something in my apartment?
What does the baby want?
An Occult Game is Played, a Price Must be Paid.
Not the Usual Halloween Night| part 2
Basa Chelovek
Barflies
I never inherited a haunted house, yet I've never escaped my haunted mind
My Nonno's convenience store sells something special beneath the counter
King of the rockies
A strange encounter at the bar changed the meaning of fear for me
The True story of the Virus (and what is to come)
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Part 3
I thought
A Sick Fuck In The Forset
I’m eternally trapped at the best party ever
Wee seen a creepy man in the woods
I have been able to hear and see ghosts for as long as I can remember.
Are all these posts actually real?
I Heard some shots nearby 5 Minutes ago and nothing has happend. What shal i Do?
How to Survive Camping: don't try to do my job
My little girl made a new friend named Mary
I'm the last astronaut aboard the ISS
I recently installed a new motion light on my house
Babysitting
I AM GOD.
My College Roommate Kept a Dark Secret
The Girl With No Irises, Part 1
The game master: the introduction of a new person
The Twilight Zone After MidnightMy dog found something in the woods, now it won’t leave us alone.
The Magic Coat-hanger
Something seriously wrong just happened at the emergency room today.
My dad has been secretly going out to the woods at night. This time, he didn't return.
I am a Sheriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart, Texas. Part 2.
I slay monsters for a living.
I'm a Graffiti Artist and I Need to Tell Everyone About the Dripping Clock
Do Not Ignore the Feeling that Someone is Watching You
Your dog and I are more than best friends.
We Were Superheroes (Part 2)
Go easy on me! This is my first story 🙂📝
I'm Pretty Sure I Fucked A Mermaid
The Diary Of A Corpse Near Black Dog Lame
Jagger Part 1.
I saw death happened right in front of me
Incessance: proving the existence of a purely mental realm through the logic of the body (PDF)
I am rotten to the core
The island of the damned
Vertigo: The Sleep Disorder Collection (Part 4)
This is real plz dont say it isnt.
Wishing upon Oneself
I got into a terrible argument with my wife
We are in a School Lock down, and it was suppose to be a drill. (Part 1)
Creepy Shit at 10pm
Something is happening in the woods
burge r king foot lettuce
Redstop #2
There Was No Axeman In New Orleans, Only The Shredder
The Storm...
Beware of the Detroit Flatheads
The noises for my window
What really happened to Lucy?
Actors are actors
The first time I saw it
The Man in the Clouds
I Think Someone is Stealing my Self Control (Part 1)
The sky opened up.
Mr Morrow
I watch people in cages (Part 4)
My team and I were ordered to investigate an old castle. We discovered way more than we bargained for.
I think I met a black-eyed kid
Scp 124790
I still can’t sleep properly after that night in the woods.
Many Happy Returns
Everyone Has Secrets. What’s Yours?
The Place I'm From Suddenly Doesn't Exist
I underwent the Death Percentage Experiment. Here's my side of the story.Connor
Try not to make a noise, you'll wake it up.
The Dream that felt real,and went on for months
Frame - Watch Where You Step
"Do Not Bury Me For 3 Days" - The Truth About George Washington's Death
You'll Know They're Coming When It's Cold
The girl from Venus
I’m an actor in a Wild West model town. We won’t get to ride off into the sunset.
What I Inherited From a Father I Didn't Know
Our New House Isn't Even Haunted
my dad is a serial killer, and so am i
Dear World
Nature Sleep Solution For Better Night Sleep Supplement Pills For Men And Women | Natural Sleep Aid To Get A Better Night's Sleep
i went in the woods on a rescue mission what i encountered wasn't human
A Wendigo is terrorizing me and my dog (part 2)
Cables
Goodbye Bear
My Boyfriend Calls Me SweetMy dad's appetite changed everything
The First Day
Native American Spirit? Skin walker? Witchcraft? What was it?!
Olive Garden
My dog makes me hallucinate
Zak Bagans Haunted Museum: The Aftermath
The Midnight Game - Part Five
The woman who lives in Darwin
The Reprobate (Intro)
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here
The Petty Long Game
He told me never to leave the house, but someone needed my help
Dr. Fearless
A Skinwalker's Property
The Hotel Veritas
The Experiment
I work at Home Depot, but something here isn't right (Part 2)
heaven is not a passive land and some humans can be called back quicker
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something.
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Body Count"
I helped animals ever since i was twelve years-old. Last week, they helped me.
This World Has A Deep, Dark, Secret...
I met a guy in a redrum mask.
What will he have in mind for the day?
I have been cursed to live in the shadows. Today my neighbor attacked me.
I’m a detective in a small town, and I think there’s something in the woods. / part one.
Never Fuck With Abandoned Buildings(trust me)
ItchingThe rain follows me, and no one has noticed
When I was 13 I saw a ghost...
I work for a cafe. Last night I finally got to go inside.
I was just told the three words you never want to hear.
The Grey Man
Dolls
My local news station keeps reporting missing people before they go missing
I found a puzzle left behind from the previous homeowners and I think the puzzle has changed my pregnant wife.
A scream in the forest
Leaky Pipe
Someone keeps knocking on my apartment door.
I don't think my boyfriend was ready for a baby.
Mushroom
Something’s using the elevator
I suffer from intense dissociation and can’t trust my own memories (Part 1)
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something.
It keeps tapping on my wall
famished
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 2)
The Man Follows
I’m blind in my left eye. But I can still see out of it
the magnet room
The Chasing at Mushroom Lane
A Night In Chamberlain
I inherited a Wild West model town. We faced the undertaker.
I'm an EMT and something is strange about our station
I went to Helen's Bridge and met Helen. Some stories get changed to protect you
I was paid $100k to stay in a room full of mirrors.
Under no circumstances DO NOT open your eyes
Time travel is real.
A night with the zombie deer
Old House Underwater
Message to person with the time machine
Sister, dear.
I'm a manager at a Chuck E Cheese resteraunt.
Jim's Gym: Join Today!
I eat people (not clickbait)
County Line Road 8
I’m a school gaurd on a museum and there is creepy rules i found out why.....
Looking for story
Rules for kids and employees at the Saint Alphonsus Orphanage
If I disappear get this to the police | Creepy Encounters
I bought a mystery box off the dark web. I'm feeling fear for the first time in a long time
Saki Sanobashi: the lost anime
———
I just got a job as my towns GraveYard guard, I'm not looking forward to it
I Have Seen Death, Here's What to Expect
Stay in the Light, and Keep it Noisy!
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part five)
Meeting a pretty naked girl at night
When I was eight year old i had a horrorifying experience with I don't even know.
I bought a wedding dress and the shop gave me a weird list of rules | Part 1
So, You need to dispose of a body?
The man in my dreams
How do I stop nighttime hallucinations? (part 2)
In 1961, Russian scientists created the first teleporter, the Americans have angered the other side.
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Something followed me home.
8th Day Cafe
I fought in the Vietnam War, and I am here to tell you about another chemical that they used.
Worried after anesthesia yesterday
IF YOU GET A SPAM CALL FROM A NUMBER THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS +236 82 DO NOT ANSWER IT! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE VOICEMAIL EITHER
I don’t remember
The Girl in the Corner
Crescendo
BEWARE: DO NOT download the "Curio" dating app!
Dear maggot food.
I found a box of DVDS at work. I'm in danger
Looking for True Scary Encounters to Post on my YouTube
There is a present under my Christmas tree, I live alone.
Our world is hollow...
I am so sexy but the way i became sexy is unbelievable
Who’s Ash?
A story of a furry
Stories/experiences being by yourself in an abandoned town/location
If I sleep I die
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" (2)
Call of the Woods
Korona - part 1
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves
My first visit to The Backrooms.
my family behaves very strange at night at 4:11
Doctors are evil and i don't know what to do
The Eden Syndrome
pls help me
The Drug That Removes Empathy
Oh mother dearest... (Gore! NSFW! TW!)
someone broke into my house and now they won't let me leave (P2)
Rhopos
Tent Trailer Vengeance
Window face
I woke up in a post-apocalyptic world, and I don’t remember anything (Part 2)
Hachishakusama has come to South Korea
The voice recording
The Guest Room
Tough Guy pt. 1
Letter From The Tortured Place
The Emerald Woman
George Floyd
lol
My Mother Is...Odd.
Anyone know of that suicide hot line series?
I am a soldier at site Omega military base. The rules for my job are both weird and terrifying
The fox plush
The Lorax is real, and he is NOT an adorable friendly animal.
My little brother Larry part 2"Please come quickly" - Unexplained Voicemails #1
Something was in my kitchen and I don't know what
I’m a religious Sister, and there’s something wrong with my convent.
A Sapphire as Blue as the Sky
Whatever you do... DONT follow it. (Part 2)
Birdie Graveyard, w/ unknown voice?
There is a sound that falls on deaf ears
The statues can walk here.
I always want to deep sleep and going heaven through my dream.
I Brought My Wife Back From The Grave. I’m Starting To Think That Was A Mistake.
I Need Help to Identify This Shape
NSFW blog lukehavergal.wordpress.com
Horror Stories - Returns to Regular Uploads on Youtube
I am everything, or so I thought.
I Sold The Most Infamous House in My Hometown To A Family That Just Moved In.
Transcription of audio recordings recovered from a hard drive
A new home
I am a professional rule breaker : Ghosts of Little Flower Valley.
My childhood friend was a dead man from the chimney
Prison is Hell
The Revisitors - Part 1
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (Part 4)
I learned a hard lesson today, that I should be more careful of who I let into my home.
Career.
Are you a fan of 'cannibal'?
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. Sometimes it comes down to pure luck.
I see what’s happening real time and I wish I didn’t
Mrs Jameson
Big Chungus is Not Real
Never Trust the Spirit that Wants your Eyes
The Helpful Optometrist
Dont Look At the mirror while u sleep
"Super Hell" Visitor's Pass
I received a really strange package from Amazon
I'm a Paranormal Investigator. I Have a Few Stories for You Guys
I keep people in cages (part 5)
Even if I leave, I'm afraid they won't stop coming
I’ve been hypnotizing neighborhood kids with psychedelics for the last 17 years. Tonight, I went too far.
There are many ways to die...
There's a locked door in my new apartment
The Treehouse
The moment in my life that made me question my gender..
The Forest
Step 1
My husband is a spy for the Canadian government and this is my story. (The Musician: Part 2.)
WHO’S BIRTHDAY PARTY IS THIS
Dating A Demon Is Hard Work
Signature, signature is everything - Intro
The Nowhere Company
I Don't Know Where I Am.
I found a werid blog
Hello, we like to spread peace
The Summer That Changed My life
CreepsMcPasta locked me in a box and I wonder why no one believes I'm here.
The Start of Something Beautiful (Part1)
Control
The story of The killing siren
What I've Observed
Testimonial
I Know Why The Sun Burns At Night
Is my neighbour a criminal?
A Lucid Nightmare and Literally No Sleep...
God entered into my body, like a spirit body. my same size
Series idea and feedback/ Matthew Gersh
If you want to work here you better get used to it.
Madness: The Fall
Schizophrenia Epidemic Part 1
She’s Still Here
My dog was acting strange and we've found a bone in our sealed-off, concrete back yard
Saying "Sorry about the mess" while deliberately having a clean area will immediately impress anyone
I dissected the male mind. What I discovered should frighten all women.
My basement has a Spirit.
The Art of Loss
Seven Years Ago I Made a Bargain With a Demon; I Think We Went on a Date?
There's Something Outside Our Tent
Terrible Tom is at it again. He killed my neighbor and told me I'd become a YouTube star.
The track stalker
Strange Experiences From My Days As A Scout
There’s Someone Strange in Apartment 178.
Mystery post it note
Our Own Affairs
The Case of Our Cloning
Grandma's Bed
Saki Sanobashi: the "lost" anime
Bottom of the Barrel
Me, myself and I
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Finale)
I'm a spec ops troop and let me tell you my story.
Scary google result
Escape From Bedside Manor (Part 9)
CAt leader end world
The monsters that live in my mind
If I'm Not On The Road, "The Rules of The Road" Can't Get Me
THE MESSAGE FROM THE WALL WALKER
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 9)
Humour
Broken daughter
The Darkwater Chronicle - The Jamestown Murders
Mantis
Madagascan Horror
The Hidden meaning behind our Dreams ( What are Dreams trying to tell you? )
You're one of a kind.
Old man jack
Chloe Amity
I saw her again
I went on a seemingly normal business trip from London to Chicago, but i booked the forbidden room in the hotel. (Part 1)
Surviving Night’s Lane
the man in the corner, a real story by a real teen
They know
I Received An Email From A Friend Who Went Missing A Month Ago In Japan's Dragon Triangle
The little man in my house. Part 1
The darkness, Inside Out
The Science of Spirits: My husband passed away when we were just starting our lives, and I couldn't accept that he was gone. As a scientist, I decided simply not to. Part 1.
The Witches Book
Skin.
When I was younger, my parents used to speak about how I would talk to myself. Now my son is doing it in the exact same room.
So much happens in Maine, so I went there for research. Now 10 people are dead and it's all my fault. (1)
Our peace is broken, now we’re in a war that can’t be undone.
Devina Potter and the wizard that wanted me to cry.
Social Isolationism - neither as new nor as maddening as you may initially think
Coldvine855
There is a strange sound coming from our newly renovated bathroom... And my room, and I have no idea what do they mean.
I used to be scared of storms (Part 1)
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside
My Home Town Is The Safest Place On Earth.
Hi, my name is craig...
“Your times up.”
The Skinwalkers House
Last night God spoke to me in a vision and instructed me to write it down
Mutterings From Beyond
DON’T LOOK AT SANTA.
Madison ivy the Porn witch
I saw something in a Youtube livestream,
BeeZong the Clown ($75/h) Reviewed by katherine188 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
There's been a tornado warning for the past three days. I don't think whats outside is a tornado.My name is Noah Becker, and I am the sole survivor of the Bluebonnet, an American fishing vessel out in the Atlantic.
My son has gone to extreme lengths to ensure he wins the science fair
Why I wish I'd never read the recipe for my sister's liver pie- recipe included.
HELP ME! I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO!
If you walk close enough to the train tracks, you will hear something truly disturbing.
The Person Outside your door..
My Grandfather was a Soviet Bomber pilot in WW2. Today, he told me a story I will never forget.
Quiet Island
Bokor Wars Chapter 4 Invitation to Horror
Boyfriend
I regret being a babysitter (Part 1)
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell... - Part 1What you looking at?
Never go to lake house hotel... (part one)
The only New Year’s Eve I did not party.
I really need advice on our relationship
I discovered a Civil War veteran's last written note. It's the most disturbing thing I've read. Part 1
Aliens came to Earth yesterday, but none of you remember
Corona is old news.
I just woke up from a coma. What I have awoken to is absolutely terrifying (part 2.)
Superstitious Tradesman?
CAIM. Also posed on r/creepypasta
Was told to post this here: Phone call I received telling me my father had killed my mother. :/
The Calls
There’s something wrong with site Zulu (Update 2)
Ran out of oxygen scuba diving bottom of a murky lake
Lifeguards wont always save you
There's A Gathering Outside
I WILL NEVER WORK WITH MY FRIEND AGAIN. (PART 1)
The girl that changed my life, permenatly .
Our landlord keeps showing our apartment with barely any notice, what can we do? NJ
I can't get my demon to leave me
I work at a hotel. Something that's not a guest is living here.
I’m here to warn you
(Part 1) (Part 2) I'm seeing a resurgence in the dead
The BUNNY at the end of my street
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans? (Part 3)
Someone broke into my house to look for me
I can feel my dreams... that’s not a good thing when Halloween rolls around because I feel the nightmares too.
There are forbidden places in the woods
The Cold - Part 2
The chronicles of the graveyard management team
I wana die ama
A praying ghost appeared next to my bed.
the creepy house
The future of cryptos
The Halloween disappearance and the old house next door
Fringe
I met and fell in love with the most beautiful woman last night.
Feeding fish becomes feeding nightmares
I Didn't Pay It Forward And Now Someone Is Stalking Me
Rules to follow when making a r/nosleep story
Help demons are attacking me
My grandmother has been keeping me a secret for 16 years. Now I know why.
My life as I know it is slowly falling apart
Angel of Death (First time poster!) 1800words
A woman was murdered by two young men in front of her husband. He had to get his revenge.
The Gas Station in the Desert
I fell through a hole in the ground. Now I'm trapped here. PT1: Above
People don't really take it seriously when a man goes missing
It was late last night
I Was Afraid of The Dark, Now The Sun Is After Me.
The End of Man Part 1
Her heart stopped she didnt
Ch 1. Reality
I Found Something Strange While Looking For Internships Online
The City of Burning Copper
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh im dead
Hell.
Youtube Horror Stories
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 10)
To my ex. (sorry for my English.)
The Baby Jane Hudson Impersonator From The End Of The Cul-de-sac
My school stopped torturing children
I don't want to build the Mosaic World
It Should Have been
The police found a man living in our walls
My town has an old nursery rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. It's all over now. PART 4, FINAL
Running From The White Monster.
Grandfather's Discovery: Part One
The Grinch is FAR more scarier than you think.
I Let It In
She took him from me.
Oh please, God will condemn guilty sinners to Hell because He is Just, Please don’t die in your sins! God offers salvation as a gift through the Lord Jesus Christ, who is God come in flesh to suffer the wrath of God we deserved, died for our sins buried and rose again. Repent and believe!
Me and my friends played a game where you basically play games with spirits. Let’s call it Spirit Minigames. (Part 1, Night 1 &amp; 2)
To the Hunters of the night....
I'm a ghost shephard. I live a meaningless life helping those without flesh move on.
Project 1: H.Y.P.E.R.
I Took an Alternate Route on my Sat-Nav: I’m Lucky to Still be Alive
unHoly Cow: A Blare Witch Project Parody
My Experience With Cryptids: The Shadowed
I am a professional voyeur
How I Became Involved With the Loggers Creek Murders and "Shadow Girl"
My little sister says a monkey visits her bedroom each night at 3am.
Chasing Filth.
Hobird
Highway 50 isn't the loneliest highway in America.
I can hear an owl outside and it’s creeping me out.
Colour Death Switch
All my life I've lived in fear of constant war (FINALE)
I fell asleep in a movie theater. When I woke up, things weren't the same.
The disappearance of a kid was linked to my family's darkest secret, I've had no idea.
Dermiscript
My Eternal Faith (Part 2)
It all started with a headache
Looking for stories to narrate
Taken care of.
I'm a nosleep moderator. u/cmd102 made me post this.
I’m not sure what to do anymore..
I Opened My Sister's Photoshop Files
All of you browser
Thеrе is a Yоutubеr called "Lеоn Fаraday" thаt lеаrns everywеek а nеw skill. Нis relаtivеs рassed аwаy when hе was 14, he mаkеs vidеоs about own eхpеrience оf mаstеring nеw skills and аnothеr vidеоs for peоplе to keep motivation tо leаrn аnd try new things, becаusе we havе only оne life !!!
This is why I don't go hiking...
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel, I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories
Nowhere Town
My Work as a TherapistIt Came In Through The Window
Hotel horor story
Do Not Climb the Namless Mountian
The Rose Woman
something is wrong with my walmart
The Siren Song of Train Horns
Mr. Whippy
I work as a sleep analyst and I have some weird stories I need to share
Shaman of the Old Ones
Strange lights pictures of my daughter Part I.
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. There's darker things going on here than just the fights.
I Found The Truth About The Government
Something happened to me when I was a toddler
Small town minds stay small
Something Lived Inside Me
His feet kept walking
I thought Ouija boards were just a joke...
Formless(part 2)
Every time I sleep I try to kill myself.
Last night I had the strangest dream...
Halloween, the Season Where Anything is Possible
My dad is a shapeshifter
I run a museum of cursed objects. The cabinet of horrors has been with my family for a long time.
I witnessed an accident
I found a tape I wasn't supposed to listen to.
I uncovered a three hundred years old family secret. I wish I hadn't.
I didn't believe my germophobe husband, and now he's dead.
does anyone need any Help from Me?
I think my parents are selling us...
These dreams....
When i close my eyes, i see my death
The Lifetime Cycle
I have to relive my car accident, over and over again.
My sister lost her face when we were kids.
My Childhood Demon
My sexy TikTok’s are making me famous.
I brought my boyfriend back from the dead. He's not acting like himself (Part 1)
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good (Remastered) (Part 1)
Superman
The Watchmaker.
Night shift nightmares.
My nightmares......come to life....
The Grange
My family and I were invited to an old family estate to stay at while in quarantine. Some bad stuff started happening. (Part 1)
Good Fences Make Good Neighbours
If you see people floating, get inside.
we will be quarantined in about 2 weeks
Unexpected carnivore in the house
Demons in my Nightmares
rabbit run
We found a strange child in the woods. He's my god now. Soon, he'll be yours, too.
Weird hillbilly possible car jacking
There's something weird about the children in our neighborhood, part 3
I am Alone in My House; Trapped with Paintings that move.
I work at a nursery. A group of kids won't leave the bathroom. PART 2/3
Your Friendly Neighborhood Wendigo
My friend became a cryptid.
There is something wrong with my wife
The Doe
I designed a Chess app to be unbeatable and it inadvertently led to the Singularity
Me and my friends played a game in the woods called Grandma Sammy, we shouldn’t have.
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. As long as you have hope, there's still a chance.
Along Came Polly
I Read a Story on My YouTube Channel and I Think I Unleashed a Curse
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about my Family Part 2/7
I’m beginning to think that I’m not real
I found a mask made of flesh in my grandpa's attic.
Horrified right now. Someone just tried breaking into my house.
today..i quit one war, just to start another
5 Videos Paranormales en ESCUELAS
I accepted an invitation to a dying town. Now it's time to end this madness.
I Spent a Night in a Serial Killers Murder Cellar: I will regret it for the rest of my life.
Housesitting at a Friend's Place...Turned into a Nightmare
The worst summer of my life, or how I learned Pokémon isn’t the key to winning the heart of a beautiful girl
Dream_Log_3/7/20
My girlfriend died but is still texting me.
The beached thing
I keep getting weird notifications.
I Got A Chance To Direct My Favorite Horror Star
2020
Me and some friends went looking for a missing kid. Now were missing too.
COVID-19 was engineered at my institution, it's not the worst thing we have here
The madness overtook me, I couldn't stop it.
For a whole year I was a captive of unknown people, after 29 years I'm finally bringing my story to you.
Assassins are coming for me, I don't have much time left
My Dreams always come true!! And that's the problem!!
We Should Not Have Played God
An Angel of Destruction
Strange Occurrences Aboard the S.S Wild Irish Rose.
There Are No Aliens In Roswell, New Mexico
I think my house is haunted but no one believes me
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The Forest has Eyes
peace and quiet
Hellstorm
I learnt the hard way not to ignore weird noises at night
Three weeks before my brother’s funeral I saw him in my neighbor’s upstairs window
My motel room has a strange set of rules....
The mirror that dictated what you are going to look like in the morning
Artificial Intelligence Gives Details On The Death Of Game Developer
Tea Time (Gore)
I'm trapped in a pub. Please send help ASAP.
The sun never rose on our hunting trip.
Can i fall in love with a spirit?
I woke up in a strange place with no memory of how I arrived there or who I was. Then, they came.
I'm addicted to visiting other dimensions - part three - final
A student in my class won’t stop staring at me
Help finding a series
There’s someone in our hotel room..
2TB ONLYFANS PORN CHEAP
Oblidat
"Dear Detective"
Don't give the man on halibut point road a ride...
One Way To The Darkness (part1)
From The Desk Of Admiral Smither
The Path of Misfortune. (Part 1)
I shouldn't have opened my eyes
My job at the gas station left me a list of instructions to follow (Part 2)
Working my project
Old Graveyards, Chanel #5 And Me. Part 1
The Creatures that Come Out Past Midnight
One day, the reflection I saw in the mirror wasn't me anymore.
Willy Wonka the Soul Snatcher
Strange experience in central park
I am a night owl and I saw what no being has ever seen but told in rumors
It stares back.
I saw her in my room again
How to Survive Camping: I got a horse
Some things are better left unseen
How I gave a special 'thank you' to my favourite r/NoSleep author.
The Sleep Paradox
The Legend of James Bennington
Remember To Turn The Lights Off
The private Island I own is cursed
A stranger came up to me in the supermarket and claimed to be my husband. Part Two Update
I FOUND OUT WHY THE NOSLEEP MODS ARE PETTY AUTHORITARIANS
On Her Deathbed, My Grandma Told me The Family Secret is a Murderous Being That Gets Passed Down
The '47 Special, Part 1
REDDIT is a dream and you need to wake up
Can anyone see this?
Country Fireworks
Veri-Leak Article 0234 "No Piper in Our Town"
Lavender Town
Purged (possible trigger warning)
Genetically-created life is possible, but they abandoned it after their first success.
The government is up to something, and they've done something to me
I think I spoke to something, and now it wont leave me alone...
I saw my future and I don't want to have one now
I travel Dimensions, I am starting to think something is crossing over part 2 update
I regret moving to that house...
Breaking Point PART 1
Welcome to Goat Valley Campgrounds
My father was a horror writer. One of his stories was true. Part 2
The demons are whispering to me again
The Creature Of Gremordale Forest.
My garlic queen
Due to popular demand - The spirit who loves me. A follow on from ‘The Baby Monitor’ -
What did we just see?!?
If you ever watch a VHS tape titled 'Professor Egghead's Adventures' don't go to sleep.
How to Survive Camping: cognitive dissonance is a hell of a drug
Mr Tomsky
The Perfect Guide To The Zombie Apocalypse
Anomalies
Ambulance F-283
My creepy dog
My online friend
My eccentric neighbor was a Collector of unique arts... PART 1/2
Demons smell like lavender.
Should have used some tape (PT ONE)
An Old Lady from the 80's.
That one July night
Hunted by Shadows
The Book of Mormon
Shared Nightmares
It wasnt the curtains, i swear.
THE NOWHERE HOTEL
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Clay of the Divine
It's 0:35 and I can't sleep.
Human Flesh
I was a two headed boy. The truth of what happened to Christopher Hughes.
The last Person on earth
A girl on my dorm floor disappeared. I found her dream journal.
Help. Weird Creatures outside
This restaurant was the only place hiring, and the list shows why (part 2)
The Last Account of Milltown
Scenario 234
Please, just stay awake.
I work at the strangest zoo on Earth. God help us all if the creatures we house escape.
THE LATENIGHT VISITORS PART 1
Poached Egg
Why I'll Never Buy a Car off Craigslist
My crew arrived in a nearby galaxy. What we saw could end us all.
I once went to a psychiatric hospital.
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to videocall me, now I hear tapping o...
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality
Chapter 1 The Blind Mayden
I Keep Trying to Kill Myself but This Damned Curse Won't Let Me
He was in the shed...(this kinda sucks)
There’s always something behind you.
Deafening Silence
I'm an IRL Streamer and Tonight Something Inexplicable Happened
The Devil's Three Strange Rules For Cooking People (And Baking Gingerbread Cookies)
The night beast. *Short story
The Dot (Part 1)
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to a Serial Killer
Being taken down by Nosleep
I was abducted by a cult, please don't save me.
Lorance
There was something in my backyard
Last time i ever went to a museum. Now you should stop too.
It has been ten days since the lights flickered
Last September Ending
Please help me find the story I'm looking for!
Birds of a Feather Heal Together (Part 2)
(Update #2) I Used to Watch A Show Called "Let's Talk About Mr.Clock"
It Only Affects Children
I murdered my ex-girlfriend, and this is my confession
During lockdown I've gotten to know my wife
We could build an entire new underground society using the abandoned subway tunnels under the United States.
The clown in my house.
A trip to the old theatre
Promote Your Business in Google Without Investment
Kidnappedthe asphodel girl
Life is a Fairytale...
The murderer
If You Stop Hearing Anything Hide
Sunset over Karnak
The demon in my room
Episodes Similar to Penpal?
2020 Won’t be a great year. Part 2
I haven't slept in three days
The Elevator
Weird memories from my childhood
Never not trust your instincts
I will never forget what I saw outside my window
A door at my local Bakery goes to a strange world.
The end of the world, Almost. NSFW
The Brother of the Person I am Falling in love with killed my Sister’s best friend
I ate her whole
My Poplar
with care, m.s.
Partner Has Been Laughing and Whispering in Her Sleep
Closet
Why I'll never drive at Midnight
I’m having sleep paralysis but I’m not sure I’m dreaming
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Sometimes, you must look Fear directly in it’s eyes. Part IV
The Nebula
It’s Everywhere
I think my brother is going to kill me and my family
All of Them Witches: Forest of the Black Roses (Part Four)
Crimson Mind
Why I Don't Play MINECRAFT Anymore
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: The Music Box
1iii3iiii 33iiii1iii 3iiii4i 2ii4i3ii6 32ii2iii1iii3ii 2ii3iiii362ii4i1ii 1iii6 30. 2iiii33ii6 0i35ii33iiii 33iii56 30 2iiii1ii2ii2iii1iii4i0i32ii.
Oblique to realize the real eyes of real lies
My fiances sister can see shadow people.
There's something weird happening to the bodies in my town.
Something Crawls Around My Bed While I Sleep; Only My Girlfriend Hears It
I found a metal box in the junkyard. Someone broke into my house last night.
It is coming and we may not survive
Big Brother is Closer Than You Think
I love you. You love me.
I thought you said it was a story
Plague
I’m a...different..kind of police officer, and I trained a group of SpecOps in “handling Dogmen”.
Mate a mi abuela,le hise un favor a mi madre
It came from the mines (Part 1)
I've always been a little afraid of sex
Finding The Bubak
I see things I shouldn't: Index/Intor
When I was a kid my best friend was a bush inside a well
My ex-girlfriend invited me to her family’s church once... it wasn’t a church
He had an angel once
I shouldn't have called, I shouldn't have answered.
DAE remember being a kid in the car with your family and imaging something was sprinting along the road beside you
Some context to "i visited my best friend..something made her a complete lunatic"
I live in an asylum, and I feel like I'm going crazy.
The Strange Incident at Maple Lake
When I sat down to play my drums, I thought I was alone. When I finished, someone started clapping...
There is a guy stalking me, I think
The way the I learned the truth of the universe at a very very young age.
Follow the black brick road
The guards weren’t there that night
The man who kept walking
Single-Door Folding Metal Dog or Pet Crate Kennel with Tray
......
Complicated Relationship
Photography central
The mysterious man who’s existence is shrouded in mystery
I was sent to find a missing person in yellow stone park, but what I found shouldn't biologically possible | Pt. 1 |
Sleepy Man
A Sea of Flies
The animals in my town keep staring up at the night sky.Almost 3 months and girlfriend isn’t having sex with you.. what are you thinking at this moment and what do you do?
It's much worse than we expected - I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me
Statues~
Two dudes with machetes
I'm scared of pain, so this is how I dealt with it.
I met with a man who said he could help me see into the afterlife. I didn't believe it, but then ...
I bought a custom candle and now I'm screwed
Be prepared or may whatever God you worship help you.
I'm A Story Hunter
The thing in the backrooms
I live in constant fear
Why I Don't Run at Night Anymore (Part 2)
Grandmama's Closet.
I made breakfast for my wife one morning and found that she wasn't alone
I ordered some snacks online and so I'm having a bit of a pest problem
Please help me out!
The Black Well
After My Wife Died I Shouldn’t have read Her Diary
Scarlet
My 10 Year Stalker
Please, anyone, can you read this? (Part 1,073)
Overthinking
Dream Home, Scream Home
Albert appeared in everyone's dream one night. We woke up only to find out that Albert is missing the next morning.
My Mom’s Stalker
🌙 My First Dance With A Demon 🌙
A Manikin from the Backrooms is my best friend
My child discovered an ancient human species. I don't think they're not so ancient after all.
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. I’m not sure the participants are willing.
The Bang
I know a disturbing thing America did during world war 2
Avenge Me
Room 505: closet
What do you hear when you're underwater?
Alone: Bloodless
Surprise for an exhausting day
Relationship problems 2
I got on the wrong train
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars, I'm terrified now PART 2
All the interesting games you play.
Please don't ever look at the silent man
They will take you the moment you fall asleep
The Hatch (3)
My Hotel Still Has a Thirteenth Floor
I switched phones with a stranger at the coffee shop Pt2
Hey guys! - reupload - help me
I've Made A Great Discovery at an Even Greater Cost, Save Yourself
My Wife Has Been Taking Care Of "Our Son" But We Dont Have A Son
I’m on an entirely different planet, my crew is dead and I could be next.
I can’t post this on r/relationshipadvice, so I’ll try here.
I found hidden cameras around my house (UPDATE)
He’s coming.
We Got Drunk and Fled from Our Shadows
They call me Dozer. I kill ghosts.
It's not just deja vu anymore.
Family Gathering
I was hired to delete people's unwanted emotions and memories using a brand-new program. Today I saw very strange memories in several applicants' lists.
You, Again
(Real) Please help me identify what is my house, me and my family are scared.
TORMENTED Part-2 A demon &amp; a spirit had made the life of my family A HELL.
House of the Rising Sun
The Quiet Customer
I always kept the advice in mind: Ignore the Drowning Man.
How a lie killed me or a funny psychic story
Uncle Cotton's Friend
My Dead Mother is Calling Me
HELPPPPPP
Express brains
If you go straight home after a funeral something might follow you inside. I didn't know.
So I've had this dream of an endless white maze since I was a child. I'll wake up all sweaty with my heart pounding. What's my brain up to?
My Wife Has Been Taking Care Of "Our Son" But We Dont Have One...
How my life changed when I found a friend in storage unit 7-21 PART 5 Finale
creepy websites??
What Happened to my Father?
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
Outside the window
Thanatophobia
I've Been an Empath For Most of My Life. These are My Stories. (Part 1)
Today I drove down a street I've never seen before
I Am A Mercenary for the Supernatural Who Can Handle Hazing
The Devil in the Hills
The man on the street (chapter 2 coming soon)
I cured my wife (part 1)
There are strangers in my house pretending to be my parents
If bones start growing from your skin, don't tell anyone.
I just got a job as a Security Guard at a Morgue, and I found an unsettling list of rules.........
Im a security guard for Disneyworld. I'm still scared to death.
I hunt monsters for a living, and its one hell of a job (part 2)
Amber
The Family Campout (A GO TO SLEEP STORY)
There’s something wrong with my boyfriend and his parents. Day 2
When I was 9 I had a sleep paralysis dream there was a weird purple bunny animatronic...
𝑁𝑖𝑛𝑒 𝑓𝑜𝑢𝑟𝑡𝑦 𝑓𝑜𝑢𝑟...
Why am I up at 4 am posting this
The Dog With The Bottlebrush Tail
My dark tourist adventure to Cannibal Island.
The Society of the Leviathan
A dark cloud above the Sky (I)
I Found a Notepad at an Abandoned Camp
The Sixty-Six (part 1)
Suicide Vest
This morning, I had a dream that lasted forever.
My sister's ex
I just want to go
My Grandfathers estate is weirdWe all wear masks. Especially during the parade.
Biggest horror Story : yesterday I saw the mother from a friend of my class 😩AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. Yesterday, I put an end to it all.
Long Walks Home
Civil Alert.
The Police Blotter of Martin County New York is Filled with Weird Things
Apparently I've had a girlfriend for the past 3 years - Part 2
The man with big boots
Campground Cult
Germaphobe
Something Woke Me Up in The Middle Of The Night
There are people out there exploiting the panic over Covid-19, and they need to be stopped.
omg strangermeetupThis is a sub for fiction, right?
I write for my school paper. I have a hot scoop on a dirty secret at the bathhouse.
Before The Hunt
Why I Don’t Listen To Music Anymore
I found a cabin while hiking
Rolling in the Hills
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Tragedy of a Strigoi
The other sister
A Painters Discovery
Reincarnation Is Real
I Wrote a Sci-fi Horror Story, Am I allowed to Post it Here?
My Paranormal Stories- Part Two
humans are actually the most terrifying creater ever.
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. This is where I faced a crisis of my faith.
the monster man thing
Pandemic Dxck Pt. 1
Blackwoods Bend Part Eight - The Secrets of Harson Manor
Toddler Bedtime Manipulation
Never buy or sell things off Craigslist
They came in the night.
My guardian angle was afraid of something
Today I received a text message from somebody who is locked down for 20 years in a room of my next-door neighbor. He will murder her tomorrow.
The village where we doing our community service,has something dark behind it.Part I
Happy New Year
How can rice be a trauma inducer?
It started with a skunk.
Chronic insomnia lately. Advice?
I'm a donkey worshipping cultist and I am being targeted by evil clowns from the depths of Hell.
Keys wallet passport clothes last post
I'm sleeping on my late ex-wife's sofa, and I don't know what to do
Check the walls
It's dead
Re-Writer (No-Brainer Finale)
I think I found a killer’s diary (part 2)
My Amazon Alexa knows something other sources don’t
r/paranormalsss do you have some paranormal story? Or want to read or see something really weird go and join our community! (Sorry for posting this if you dont wanna join ignore this please) Paranormalsss
The Long Man
A Twisted Game of Chess
CrypTed Truck (2)
There is Something in the Water
I'm stuck on an endless train track!
r/Nosleep | I found a hidden door in my cellar, and I think I've made a ...
I am an A10 Warthog pilot. I was deployed for an unusual night attack mission.
March Contest Winners
My brother got kidnapped and now he is talking to ghosts.
Midnight Ride Killings
The Gargoyle of West Englewood
True horror
I AM God. But I'm nothing like you'd think. Sorry.
I'm a security guard of an empty warehouse
The Wayside Café
The Humming Woman
It is my firm belief that I own an abstract painting of a woman who is, in some way, responsible for the death of an innocent man, my girlfriend Kira and my friend; who is now, somehow, defying all the rules of reality, coming for me.
The girl hell
Biting at my Heels
I am an Arms dealer and I met Death, in person.
My best friend on Discord has been replaced by a video game
Does Anyone Else Dream Of Fish?
sure is windy tonight
Maria and I
I love my job and I need to clarify a few things
There’s monsters
I fear that my beautiful vintage german violin may be haunted.
It Is Safer In the City
The Dark Web Box
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 4)
There are 2 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Wrath is the last thing in a man to grow old.
A warning and an invitation
My diary tells me things I shouldn't know
scary stories are best told by a campfire
I recently started working at Best Buy and I have a regular...
The Underside: Reupload: The Truck Horn
'I don't love you' A story about a skin-walker.(The names of the people have been randomised for safety purposes
Strange apparition with pictures.
My darkly body is Mars and parables
Creepy people hang around outside my house at night. I don't think they're alive...
The Missing (Update 3)
The Truth Behind The Kursk Submarine Disaster
The warm night
The Murderella
The Button
Do you feel alive?
Mosieur Noir
All I wanted was a hug.
Do You Hear The Cicadas?
When the wind changes direction
I went outside for groceries one night but something followed me home.
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 4
The Deranged Mailman
Mr. GoatThe last year in the life of Peter the Nobody
There is a sea monster that lives near the Gulf of Mexico. (Part One)
I'm an Underground Fighter, Weird things Happen Around Halloween- Part 4
Reading the Bible alone at night
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back.
I always feel like I'm feeling watched, don't play in closets..
i can travel back in the past for 11 minutes, and have been spending time to a girl who was murdered
Creepy street
Really scary story (requires upvote)
The Girl in Apartment 3b
Damon Vile
Blood Pumpkin
I'm good at my job.
If you are a gamer you might understand
The Amundsen-Scott Incident
My mother was a hoarder. After cleaning out her house, I finally understand why.
The Otherfucker (or, For God's Sake, Don't Read This)
Et tunc essent quinque
Caution to those who swipe right on every profile on Tinder, or how having a monster girlfriend is pretty awesome, mostly...
I started working with Eli the time traveler, but I think he's in over his head.
pestilencewarFAMINEdeath
Туман окружает наш дом и я ничего не могу сделать?
My obsession to killer thoughts driven me crazy so much it made me do sadistic thoughts unintentionally.. And i regretred it
I have experienced true free will
I see people's emotional wounds. I think mine is growing into something more.
You Let Them In
alien dreams
Hellish Screaming
The Horrors of Laboratory Work
Can’t sleep and I wrote this! Am I gonna be a poet soon?
What is a mildly creepy paranormal dream you had?
Was it a trap?
If you hear crying and scratching from inside a truck trailer, do not investigate it. I already made that mistake.
This morning....
Real
I suffer from face blindness, and i think my family has been replaced.
I am the creator of The Starvation Project, and will be only the first of its many victims.
In 1995, I Was Forced to Save My Parents
The Gaping Maw
Why i dont go on bike rides anymore
Strange masked men from an endless boat locked me in a cave please send help
I Review Old Home Videos For Work. Last Night, I Saw Something Bizarre.
The Truth about Mr H
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 5)
My dog is a Demon
We were stuck in construction traffic for 8 hours. Now there’s no turning back. (Part 3)
Shy Smiles
Our. Turn. Now.
The Time Capsule was Set to Open January First, I Just Had to Survive Until Then.
The Skullcut Man- part 1
My Uncle Used to be a Cop, This is the Case that Made Him Quit Part 2
The TV is Watching Me final part
My neighbour behaves as if there is someone in his room in his absence
The Amusement Park I Work At Has Some Weird Rules.
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 5)
Halloween Movieschicken pot pie time
I used to work in social media recruitment for a death cult. I have posted my confession.
Oh, dearest mother!
See you soon. Kiss-kiss, Jolly Jo
My Friend Marty
WITCH DIARIES
My house is haunted but I don’t care
Anyone Up For a Ghost Story
How I got my dogs
Who is Darius?
Awesiaki: Chapter two: 1625
Rerouting
Our beautiful daughter
Human psychology and belief
An internet "cult" promised to have all our dreams come true. Gamer556 wanted to do "something special".
Block House
Never go in the woods alone
Something is living in my house
Working overnights at a hotel.
My date with a monster.
The Death Room is only open on Sundays
Please be careful with your daughters (2)
Nothing personal.
Please help me explain this away
Psychological Horror Series| Comfortable Insanity; Part 1
Have Any of You Suffered From Germophobia Recently?
I've been in a mental hospital (Part 1)
Followed at Wal-Mart? Am I just paranoid?
The Passage
Madness, Mutilation, Death. Choose One.
I fear my dreams are becoming too real.
Guys I'm scared!
The little old lady
A VHS tape nearly killed me
In the company of crickets
It was just a dream
Working at an amusement park: Desiderium
Monsters Are Real
The Complementary Regurgitation of Life
I co-wrote a real lost episode. Ask me anything.
The forest's scream.
Former Paramedic here to share with you some seriously creepy shit that went down in 2016
There's Someone Here
Jon was a good man but its not as if hes really gone
The night shift at McDonald's that made me resign
My Encounter With a Sasquatch in Pierce National Wildlife Refuge, Washington
We Had the Same Nightmare
Lurking in shadows
Just Saw A F*cking Thing In The Woods Outside
My Aunt was involved in something sinister
I LIVE IN FRONT OF A MIRROR (part 1)
My best friend from preschool changed and it’s much worse
I Died Yesterday
It's 3AM I'm literally writing this because I can't sleep. Just thought I'd write about a funny noise I hear sometimes
The noisy neighbour
I'm a magician, and I'm on the trail of real magic.
Mr Darangay
Ejecutor de la Luz - One Night Stand
My Ex-Boyfriend
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 2)
Creepy Singaporean urban legends that freaked me out growing up. And sometimes still do...
How to Survive Camping: Rule #7 - the things that were born here
What Happened To Me?
What spiders like to eat will make you sad
EM steals doll, pays the price
I signed up to compete on an exclusive reality show, and I wish I hadn't- PART ONE
A decade ago
The Hike
I've always had an irrational fear of water. Now I have a job I never wanted.
Part 1: The book
I Am Mr Handsome
sex
Not the usual Halloween Night
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the need for a watch...
The moment you put a thought to who God is, you have failed in trying to understand him.
Me and my friends were attacked in a forest
I'm Afraid
Disappearing delivery van.
Every person my roommate brings back home disappears. I don't think I'm safe.
The Way The World Ends (Final Part)
I answered an invitation from someone who doesn't exist
My brother, My Demon
My Mother(39F) Isn’t Talking To Me(16M)
Necromancer
Figures
I worked at a Tex-Mex restaurant. When I was hired they gave me a list of rules.
Sweet dreams (are made of these)
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 11)
I've been kept awake by "something" for several nights.
It’s been 10 years since my younger brother disappeared. It’s time people know what really happened. It’s what he would have wanted.
Mirrorverse
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 3)
When the clock strikes 6 not a soul can be found on our streets
What do you guys think happened to my friend
PANDEMIC
If you legalize murder in Nevada, they will come
Weird things happen in my town, and I’m used to it. But now I’m beginning to feel like I’m in danger
Learning the hard way...
BLINK
Storys from the diary Part 1
Nutty Book
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
These dreams seriously mess me up
What is your opinion on the scary deep web stories that sometimes come to light? Like for example the cannibal pizza guy or the ex CIA-Agent proving Alien existence and more ? Have you ever been to the deep web personally before? What did you see?
The Girl With No Eyes
Scary True Story
The Zookeepers. Part 1
The boy that met my parents
JPA Case YXK22-HLR/03: STAN'S MOTEL
Cease and Desist part 2
The Beast of 29 Palms
Real Events, Disturbing.
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 1)
Ä
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 7)
Sister skinned, decapitated, dismembered+more in front of her children by husband. Ask me anything.
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of. GUTTERS: (PART 4, FINAL)
I live in a community in the middle if nowhere my house came with a strange set of rules
I became a monster
If you met a vampire, would you let it bite you for eternal life or would you shove a stake in its heart?
There is something outside, It is seeking revenge. PT 2
My dog Roslos.
My mom swears she met and talked to a ghost at an amusement park
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Approach Idling Cars at Night
Boo
Hailing Cove, a small town
My Encounter With a Mass Murderer
During sleep paralysis, i felt a hand touching me sexually &amp; i could control the hand with my mind.
Me have the sex 😜
My sleep paralysis might have been real
I Wrote the Rules (Part 3)
Does anyone else wake up from sounds not there?
I hate living with my sister 2
My last game of Hide and Seek
I decided to avenge my son's death myself
darker web
Fuck Sock Puppets
My best friend and her twin brother hunt cryptids for food. I'm trying to help.
Fell off the cliff while asleep
I think my cat is possessed
come check me out goddess_kahli
Break in the skin chapter 1
My work has some strange on the job rules.
I was told to not let the bed bugs bite, I should have heeded the warning
Waylend Self Storage: Strange Happenings Log Part 5
The Midnatical Influence 01-002
The Harvest of the Wolf.
Have you read the book, Narassa?
Waking up in a mysterious building, I had to rely on ?'s notebook to escape from this place
And There was no one
I wish I'd listened when she told me not to touch
I Can Never Look Up Again
The night man
Music has always played a huge role in my life.
My experience with the Silent Killer
I made a scary note as for my English homework, please tell how scary it is.
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 6
Deadly Detention
Don’t walk under the trees
HEy, can you heLP Me rEad
My grandma's incident when she was little
There's something strange in the fog
Something's different pt. 2
My stomach sank as I realized: there was one place I didn’t checked.
Marriage Counselling
"Pritcher farm- Incident 2-A- 1897"
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Nine
I think an island I visited on Animal Crossing is actually cursed.A Midnight Visit
The Prison Yard
I love spending time with my cat but she's been dead for 10 years
I Found This Photo in my Family Photo Album, and I will Never Be The Same Again
Room 260: Mr. Bear (Part 1/3)
Dear Reddit, Help me
I encountered a man in one of my mirrors and he nearly escaped.
Forest Encounter
Never say never.
Mother of Mothers
I wish I never had looked into the creepy door at school
Has anyone heard of the silent screamers?
I started cycling, so I got no time to sleep... Here's the video
My wife was convinced one of her eyes was not hers. Part 1
The curse of a mother's bond
Made of Marrow
I Spent A Night Inside An Abandoned Prison. It Wasn't Abandoned. (PART 3)
My uncle left me a house. It has it's flaws, but I want to transform it into my dream home. Any advice?
My grandma dreamed of a little girl and she hasn’t gone away since then.
There's something wrong with Rebecca
Deep Pockets
My experiences with the devil (part 1)
My Little Ghoul
My Best Friend
I'm an EMT, and I believe something is happening.
My grandma is scaring me. Part 2
the diary in the attic
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people. Part two
I think my mom saved me from a demon trying to take me to hell.
The writhing | I'll continue if y'all like it
She Wants Her Hair Back
Im not sleepin rn
The sirens in the woods
Weird occurrences in Texas
I can't deliver this pizza. (Pt. 2)
Test post
My son has never met his father.
I am a swedish vampire slayer
“Don’t turn around”
Today is Friday the 13th, Tonight is the Harvest Moon Part 1Into the void... Forever. Part 1?
Creepy Break-in Encounter
My window opens when I wake up
My mother's death.
I switched phones with a stranger at a coffee shop Pt2
I hated my last hunt...
Ive learned the truth about the seven deadly sins...I dont think i can call them thay anymore
The house I grew up in as a child
I think my new neighbors are running a trap house across the street, and that’s not even the worst part.
I had some crazy dreams last night.
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Thomasine has catoptrophobia.
(Part one) the local lab isn’t what it seems ...
Working at Area 51 is actually pretty boring.
I'm an American Werewolf Hunter.
I'm investigating a shape shifting cannibal in Illinois. This case just turned personal.
The Bakers Secret Ingredient
My town was swallowed by darkness
Old flooded train tunnel (true story)
My New House Came With A Song
My mom died. Don't tell me how to grieve.
I'm not the last one
The Reset Button
An interview with a guy who claims to have lived 8 years in another mans life
Bsbsbs
There is a monster that lurks at the bottom of my local pool... and a mirror that leads to another world.
I Need Help With A Girl.
I'm the foremost expert of extraterrestrial life. Something big just crashed near me.
The most horrifying nightmare ill hopefully never have to go through again
unexplained night at the club
Blue Dawn: Recounting the Smurf War
My Major Fear
The Revisitors - Part 2
My brother's anger is getting out of control.
I Hate the News
A Guest No One Remembers: Watermelon, Thanksgiving, a Photograph
The Legend of Sudmis Crossing
The mud men
I've recently gotten back into 8 Ball Pool
I've been dead since 2012... And now I'm back...
I was so disturbed I had to move out
My hand is turning into Mold after getting bit by a Canada Goose
I brought Halloween to my country but something evil came along with it
Help us figure out what happened
I don’t know if this is the correct place to expose someone, but I will.
This isn’t as scary as others, but this one is real.
I will never forget what I saw
I Take Long Drives When I Can't Sleep. Last Night I Stumbled Across Something Horrifying.
I found an old therapists note book and it talked about my dead sister. pt.1
Soft Dirt
I am a psychiatric Nurse, One of my patients was being manifested by a demon.
The coincidences are getting out of hand
What Did I Feel That Night?
I've discovered an old bedroom in my attic...
Red Ice
Don't Talk to Strangers
C0SM0S F1NAL3
There's something dangerous here. (2)
The Man Of The House
'Twas the Fourth Night Before Christmas and All Was Well
Barnacles
I made a racy video, and now something is inside my house
Ring Road
Before taking a girl home in Trinidad, check both of her feet
Bunian princess wants him
Why I don’t like working late shifts anymore....
"A Missing hiker was found dead in the mountains"
Lightning Changed My Brother (Update)
Ghosts have faces
The Tall Man in the Top Hat
My father vanished to where the sky meets the ocean. Now, I fear that it's my turn.
My Sister Was Sleepwalking
Last Online
Somethings wrong with my apartment
Soviet or alien technology
I’m not sure if I slept last night, and I’m really not sure I want to ever sleep again.
Yearbooks and Homeschooling were the clues to the kids who vanished
Based on dream
Static Souls
If you have a Microsoft Mesh, discard it immediately. (My first entry)
Lonely Wooden Puppets
Beware the Madness
Grandma's Room
Felt my bed shake last night
Eggplant
Almost Time for Dinner
Me and girlfriend stalked on our weekend getaway?
I want to learn how to "how to "I found a set of rules on Reddit a few months ago and I don't think I'm the only one.
The Lights of my madness
So i saw a ghost earlier today.
the test is a trick
NeoNERV: Traveling Particle by Particle Personal Case File 1
Me and Some Friends are Playing a Game, And I'm Winning
"How I Quit Smoking Cigarettes Cold Turkey" {~38,258 words] / Nicholas Grant's Daily installment post 1of 5
Operator what’s happening
There Are Strange Noises Coming From My Garbage Disposal
Clickbait title - You won't believe what happened next.
The Dreamer, Austria 1920 p.1
The Richter Hotel (Update 2) The Snow Princess
Lil bit O’ payback
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 4)
I hear sounds at night, but its not normal.
I get the worst cramps every few months (entry 2)
Your Typical Serial Killer Story.. With a Twist.
You can't have this or I will die.
My wife came back from the dead to comfort me.
i'm living in the zombie apocalypse. i don't know how much time i may have left...(part 2)
There was a head in the locker room... (NSFW)
Something is stalking me.
I Learned the Hard Way to Never Trust Shapeshifters (part 2)
The List Of Rules Which Prevents My Blood Jitters Is No Longer Enough. I Need Help.
There was a sound. Then there was nothing.
Τhe Νightmare And The Crow
“Vigilant” Creepypasta
Nosleep April Fools Day Event!
Book 1, Chapter 1: Altair's Holiest Angel
No Moon
Something's up with my coworker, and Layton is dying.
My Memoir: I'm a Serial Killer
Our school was on lockdown, whatever was there wasn’t even human. The school, the creature, no even my life is real. (Part 2, finale)
Pro Bowl Weekend Practice Interviews Full Transcript.
Unsettling
Hello everyone ! My name is Alina Maria I will be direct with you I've started a YouTube channel (I post music ) So if someone wanna Subscribe to my channel here is the link : - https://youtu.be/IBpzMKlygd4 Enjoy the music and I will be really thankful if you like to Subscribe. Thanks !
Playful Guardian Angels
I live in a tiny mountain town (Part 4)
The Snow MonitorHe liked to sing.
John and Jess Blake
My cat kept screaming at night and now I know why.
My sister was always special, but we just thought there was something mentally wrong with her, but now that it's too late, I know we were wrong.
Something Completely Different
Never work again.
Behind You
Never exchange shirts.
My Wife’s Best Friend Got Me a Nintendo Switch, and I Think Its Cursed
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. Thank you for taking part in the Nosleep Experiment. Your feedback is appreciated. (PART 3: FINAL)
Castle Cove Elementary - Beginning
Is there a no sleep type sub, but actually real?
THE TWO HEADED MAN WILL SWALLOW THE WORLD
Ouija players, what happened during or after playing it??I'm not crazy, right? 1/?
I woke up from a nightmare to an unknown number, the caller is looking for me.
I don't think we're hearing thunder in the woods
I used to live in a world where the stars had died.
Have you ever wondered if theres multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying. Part two - They found me
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - part 3
Murder in Moon Hollow (part 1)
I Lost My Dog in The Woods, What Came Back Was Terrifying
Bugs under my skin
I found an ancient cult in the middle of the woods, the members aren't human they’re far worse.
Remembering America
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. Part 2
I loved night riding, but not anymore
Once In A Blue Blood Moon
Havobi625
The Wendigo Loves You
I Speedrun Nightmares (DISC ONE)
There's a Jester in the parking lot at work.
Petra is an ancient and beautiful place, but never stay there after dark.
Hm.... That's weird
My friend send me an expensive espresso machine. I hope he kept the receipt…
life inside the screen
Nobody Was Supposed to Be Here
January 2020 Voting Thread
There’s a hit on my head.
To Whom This Body Belongs
The Day my ski mask saved my life
If you're looking for a job online, never apply for any warehouse-related position.
My Dream is getting crushed!!!
When The Bugs Rose In Hillington
Daniel Huang Zoom (Creepypasta)
Insomnia (need help)
a sky without stars
Someone In This Cabin Knows Something I Don't Part 1
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Waffles just saved my life. If that sounds crazy, well, buckle up, because it's even crazier than it sounds
I develop film photographs for a living. One of them is trying to kill me.
Our company creates and raise creatures - The Dancing Macabre.
So I Found This Journal Walking My Dog
Ap chem Test and Subject book
Paranoia Virus
I appreciate your fanfiction!
THE MINES--LANDING 2
The Apprentice
A strange box appeared on my front door .i can’t get rid of it
Don't go into the water
White
I’m a hunter and I didn’t follow the rules of hunting on a ancient Indian burial ground
I tried to commit suicide
The house on Acorn street
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children
The Trouble
Please shut all the doors to darkness in your room at night
Creepy Christmas presents from Amazon keep showing up on my porch. Now, things are happening in my house that I can't explain.
My friend created his own religion. I haven't seen him in days. PART 2
The Tome: A hunger for your story
A Fuzzy Subway Story
The Blackwater Hospital Chronicles – The Beginning
My Fiancée has photos of me that I've never seen before? (Part Three)
The Unsolved Missing College Students Case
There's Been A String of Suicides in My Town. The Victims Always Break Their Mirrors First
My ex-girlfriend invited me to her family’s church once... it wasn’t a church (Pt. 2/Ending)
I Lived in one of the most Isolated Towns in the U.K.
I get stuck in time every 2 months for days.
I'm investigating a shape shifting cannibal in Illinois. This case just got personal.
I Was Assigned To Kill Evil People (Part 2)
The Wooden Box Never Opened
I went to "the cold place" when I was 11 years old
I'm a night nanny to a very special boy
Buy Negative Google Reviews - Buy 1 star Google Reviews
The deranged man
The cult
The Scream...
My Uber Driver Had some Strange Demands
A language that only I speak? And a monster that only I see?
Hello? Can you see this post?Im not a normal human
I Can Wait...
Starshot has returned
A Horse Walks Into a Bar...
I Got My Tonsils Removed And Almost Died
Never trash talk a karen...
Stuck on a airplane and time won't go
A guy at school wanted to throw a house party and raise hell. I didn't realise he meant literally.
What is that?
An over welcomed drive
After that weekend, I never wanted to be alone again...
Night Terrors Into Reality
Luke
The First Customer
He’s in your room
Someone is Behind You
It's In the Woods
A dream i had
I Broke the forest rules..
Bloody man in hotel stairwell - 3rd shift
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human.
Grandma's 911 Calls: Lobotomy
We Always Existed
I abused our dog and got away with it
My damn cat won't stop staring at me.
My Visit at Grandma's place.
Evol Love
Greetings
I think we are part of a new ecosystem (part 2)
Recommendations
Every time I'm near an open window, I see a word printed in the sky. "Jump."
What’s up . . . ? The Monster knocks my heart
The Rat Problem
I've Been Offered 100k To Stand in a Room. Every Night. Alone.
I'm BURIED AT SEA and have to warn you before I run out of air (part 1)
This Person No Longer Exists
Endless Soup and Breadsticks
Black Eyed Child in the Woods
I've been having the same nightmare over and over, and it's making me very worried
Viewing my alternate reality self through my alternate selves eyes.
I assumed this was a place for Insomniacs
Jaga(part 1)
I am being turned into a doll and i couldn't be happier
My mother is convinced she can see ghosts. Now I’m scared I can too.
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART ONE
The deep web is no place for fun...
No Sharing with the Friends and Family
The Figures (Part 1)
A Young Sociopath
I think the Pomodoro Technique might kill me soon
When you lose more than sleep
I've met death.
Don't Look in the Package!
The Girl of My Dreams
Do Not Abandon All Hope (Part 1)
"Do not go outside", the emergency broadcast said
I Moved Into My Grandmother's House After She Died
October Wind
We bought a new house and something's not right
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules.
The Demon Under the bridge
This actually happened to me
The Inexplicable Road (Pt. 2)
My ex-husband kept pushing for more custody.
Between the Boxes - Baptism by Fire
Silence pt 1 (might be sensitive to some people)
A beer brand bombed the clouds above São Paulo so it wouldn’t rain during Carnaval. The media won’t tell you the truth about what’s been going on since
Blue Fog?
I am the kind of person who don't like being photographed. This became a blessing for me.
Random sticks all over my yard.
Hingler's Way
Contract hunter
I thought my hair was falling out
A new 'HOME'...a freaky horror story to give you chills
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 5)
Male period. Any advice???!!!
Send.Help
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. It’s time to end this madness.
All my life I’ve lived in fear of constant war (PART THREE)
His post...
NSFW. I Live In A Rural Area, and My Family Has Been Killed by A Cult Who Worships A Bunny, and They're Forcing me To Write this.
Giants are the only things that are real.
My Grandma's Obsession about Statues.
How I Met My Best Friend (Part 1)
No one remembers my brother, except me Part 2
If a child with black eyes comes to your door, do not let them in
I don’t know what it really was..?
Even the Raven Works the City
I'm obsessed with a placed called Frog Town, USA
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 2
Less than a minute
They found the cheerleader
My dreams have always been very realistic
Every night at 10 pm, I walk home from my university library.
The Wanderlust Circus of Curiosities will no longer be visiting your town.
The Pizza Place
If you can't sleep
Spencer Jackson
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 3
Breath.
The Salvation of Ethan King
I hunt pedophiles for a living and what I came after that night is not a pedophile but something worse
Why I hate sleeping.
Earth has a new visitor. Its figuring out ways to hunt us.
Pick Up the Phone, No Matter What
JIM'S NOT HERE
The Call of the Stars
My mom is a demon part 1
My Stalker
Change...
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" (1)
Swan Lake
I think I just scared the pants off of my realtor
I found the devil in my backyard
A nightmare and an unexplainable dream
(Serious) Hello I am looking for a story I heard some years ago. It was a collaborative project of some bigger youtube creepypasta readers. Basic synopsis of the story: Investigation, told from multiple POWs, flesh combining monter terrirising the town, only the hunter actually saw it.
I went to camp to escape bullying. I was lucky to get out alive.
H.E. 19,020 July 28 -- Final Entry.
The case of Daniel Hardings (Part 1)
Troubled, an Autobiography- PART 2: WELCOME TO A NEW HELL
The Knocking At The Windows
No one cares anymore
A strange thing happened to me on eBay today.
The street dogs in my locality bark furiously every night at 3 am
Normal Town....my first ever creepypasta
Whatever you do, don't fall behind in the Toronto Marathon.
At Jefferson Park Forrest, The Wildlife Isn't The Only Thing You Should Be Afraid Of.
Fuzzy Slippers
Message from the future
My brother and I almost got kidnapped.
My roommate talks in her sleep
Life sucks
Something very weird happened last night
The Living Bones
Girls are dying in my town...and nobody seems to know why.
The voices have body's.
Somewhere else #1
Do You Have Crippling Insomnia? I Have A Potential Solution
Ashes to dust: dust can’t reform.
Some buildings need to stay abandoned,part three
Obsession
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave. (Part five finale)
I've become an unwilling member of the wild hunt, Today I faced a nightmarish enemy
I’m from the future, all the animals are extinct. We brought them back, but they didn’t come back the same.
They had abyssal eyes, and they spoke my name.
I've accepted that I may be one day murdered.
recently found out Uncle Nolan died in my house but still watches me do the laundry.
It Whispered From the Dark
Moira: The Hell In Alaska
Some people say the homeless are all crazy. I used to be one of those people, but life has a way of giving perspective.
Weedkiller
Carrion Sister
My girlfriend’s first heroin injection was cut with a new drug that is more lethal than fentanyl
Please Help! Can't Sleep!
I was given conditions, but for what?
I shouldn't tell this story, but I will anyway,
The Collection
I don’t trust mirrors...
An unfinished stalker/office horror story
Disorder
What would you do if you saw an opening as a prison guard?
They are always hungry, no natter what
The Family PART 1
The Girl I Liked Wasn't Allowed to Date
My Dreams Make me walk through Hell: This is what I see (ILLUSTRATIONS) (Part 1)
Help wanted
The Fire in the Sky (Part One)
Something is stalking me
The creatures from my dreams are real
The Pill
My Little Fish
I Called 911; I Don't Know What Answered
Blinding Lights
I make $4,000 a month streaming on Twitch, but my channel is growing too controversial for monetization.
I Found Something Weird Last Year and Now I Think I’m Being Watched
the broom closet
Bright Blue Eyes
we lived in a haunted house
It showed me the Abyss
Guardian "Angel"
I think my daughter is raising the dead
The Story Behind Wuhan - Corona, Inshallah
Join this for bell
I Bought a Cheap Weight Bench from Craigslist
Why you should NEVER sleep in a dream
I miss the ringing in my ear.
My First and Last Day as a Foot Fetish Girl
A creature that taunts only those that are not at peace with themselves
The Mandela Effect (Part 1 – The Government Agent)
Mister Dilgard
My Friends Got Me Cursed
A hole in my house
YouTube ghost stories Reddit
The Watchers
Her mind is Tiffany-twisted
tử vong
The Men of Verdun
This is my first one
Pissed Off
I just need more time to make the perfect subject, i just need perfection.
This Drunk Old Man Chased Me Home And Nearly Killed Me
Wedding Ring
What I Found In My Neighbor's Basement
Basically I uh help
There's Somebody In The Bathroom
The screams I hear and the...creatures I see when I close my eyes, are incomprehensible.
I was a Housesitter...
My father is Santa for the dead but not yet forgotten
The Roommate Ritual
Cat Sitting: Part 2 of 2
Mycélium du Mange
I woke up in a house I don't recognize, and I think they're experimenting on me.
The man:
Me and 6 other people have been challenged and to kill each other in a week (part 1)
I had to keep killing my husband to have an orgasm, but after that night, I don't think he's ever coming back.
I'm on a ship, with a beast. (REUPLOADED)
I created a list of supernatural rules, now I have doomed us all.
Good day r/JustSalt. I stopped hunting monsters years ago but I may need to start doing it again
Never use a homemade Ouija board
I did not kill my best friend. It was the tiny clowns.
My Grandfather was always good at telling stories. So we got him a notebook.
The world has gone to hell, and it is time for action (PART 1)
A song of Ink and Blood
He Should've Stayed
The Starved Man
My Girlfriend was Cremated
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 4)
I'm not sure if this is the right place to talk about this. But if you're reading me. Please. Tonight, I need your help.
My Sixth Life
Need help summoning a ghost
Domesticating
Exterminator
Something crying in room
Lost in a Labyrinth of Lies - That old healing pool is looking pretty good right about now.
I Think My Horoscope Can Tell The Future.
Tip #3: Breathe in. Hold. Breathe out.
Elaine's Story (Part 1)
My Cat Pandora Was The First To Be Made Into An Alien. The Rest Of The World Is Next.
If you see a man with a red notepad, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
Screams in the Night
I'm being stalked by someone or something
MAKE HER STOP PLEASE
I Found a Village in Italy That still Worships a Roman Goddess, and Now I Wish I Didn't (Part 2)
I'm a Zookeeper. Something is Very Wrong With the Animals Here (Part 2)I Received A Distress Call From A Ship On The Pacific Ocean. What I Found Was Terrifying.
Homerstown
Scream.... LOUDER
Today I told an old man in the park my biggest secret - and he better keep his mouth shut
The end of a generation part 1
Blondie
Every morning I wake up and my life is completely different... I think I found out who is changing it. (It Gets Weirder Part 1)
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 1)
He was in the lounge room!
I brought her camping to tell her a terrible secret but something happened.. pt.1
I Woke Up In A Different Dimension
Super Mario- 666
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (Pt. 2)
I’ve been trapped inside for 366 days. I have an escape plan.
I have a condition that influences electronics, but that condition is often deadly (part 3)
Code name 0
Don’t let your children watch Mooshee’s Barnyard
I think I am going to be accused of murdering my best friend.
Killers walk among us part 1: a normal mans murder
Apocalypse is going on, and I've decided to journal it.
Fate's Tale
my blood sings
Rule of Three
Weird Shit I've seen as a member of the USSIF - orientation day
33F4F (or M as F) Taking My Straight Married Friend/Coworker
My dog Rufus
What’s going on?
Cetus and the Island of Sidon.
Journal entries located in the home of Lester Ghardocki
Ever Since My First Encounter With A Paranormal Apparition, Unnatural Things Continue To Affect Me. Entry: 2i can’t stop getting sleep paralysis
I'm a serial killer, my victim that I kidnapped is from a country I've never heard of.
My constant battle between life and death...
How Santa Claus Killed a Man
I Took the Road Less Traveled and It Almost Got Me Killed - Part 2
WIBTA if I stopped my kids from seeing their best friend?
I’ve been paralyzed for five years… A stranger offered to help me.
Our dear Melody
Halloween Bust
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Four: Waiting for the dark
I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force.I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force. We sleep early, but not for the reasons you'd think.
Hungry.. Hungry.. HUNGRY..
I saved my new dog's life last night
Are You A Vessel?
The Strange Case of Firewatch Tower 2
Never Tell
Hell Hummels - A Short Horror Story
How to Survive Camping: Rule #13 - I went hunting with the man with the skull cup
My Mother and I Part2
I Live in the House of Burning Cats - My Confession
Where is everybody? Part 1
To my boyfriend, who I can't stop forgetting
2 Sentence Horror Thing
Campsite Neighbours
Something is pretending to be me
The number of death
The alarm clock
“What the hells is that!”
It's been completely dark for 48 hours now, I need to keep a diary
I found a book hidden in my deceased grandfather's library. I'm starting to think coming here was a bad decision.
Down in the Wokonese Forest it lies.. Part 1.
I'm the familiar/ghoul of a 300 year old vampire.
I was mistakenly put into a college night class and I wish I never went. There is something wrong with the students.
My first day on the job at Disney World and apparently I'm dead. (7)
The yellow generic school bus
My next door neighbor from where I grew up had a bad case of Resting Witch Face Syndrome
The German Lady Next Door
Scariest night of my life. (real experience)
My Friends
I’m a night nanny to a very special boy…
Our Holiday Tradition
I watched the moon disappear last night
The Devil Bird of Willow Canyon
Hi
I found a history book from the future. The chapter for 2021 is terrifying.
My house...
A Growing Shadow
Something in my house was angry
I did not expect this kind of roomate when i went to college
If you ever click a link and it takes you to a page with a red door DON’T OPEN IT (Part 1)
Howard's Letter
Bedside Manor
A Rural North Dakota Motel (Part 1)
We have already Been to Mars
I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement... DAY 1
The Dulmal
A not so Jolly Christmas
A Dark Cloud Follows Me
I now have entomophobia.
Always Here
I Watched Somebody Die On The Dark Web. I Think I'm Next.
I'm at the end of my time, but I have one last message for my family, and maybe for you also.
Penance (part one)
A Quiet New Neighborhood
Werewolf or not? Need advice.
Kind of creepy and plain unusual voicemails I've been getting
first short story (possible trigger warning: suicide)
Soudan Underground Mine isn't the deepest mine in Minnesota
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I got my kids’ uncle arrested. (Part 5)
The Witch of Williamsburg
I ask my girlfriend to marry me I think I started a war pt. 1
Real Life Annabelle incident
I've found an impossible door.
Psychotronic Weapons – Chris Eagle
he likes to build sand castles
To the New Homeowners
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 6)
Eyes that follow
Help me, Father
I've recieved and e-mail and I don't know what to do.
The Moonchild
I Can Tell You The Exact Moment My Childhood Ended
How the mighty has Fallen
Where’d You Go, Mary Jo?
A Lesson From Santa
Something Came Home with Us from Our Camping Trip
The Presence of the Sad Stranger
Today's the only full moon on a Friday the 13th for the next thirty years
My families winter cabin was abandoned 7 years ago and I never knew why. Part 2
My nightmare was about the rake creepypasta!😨😱😫😩😴!!!!!
Is there something on my shirt?
my basement held 5 different bodies in a storage closet
The Wendigo.
Sleep has become my Prison.
I thought it was only a story
Remus woke up.
The oregon man
"You're Welcome."
A Inorganic Watcher
The afterlife.
ANOCHECER I
My Xbox keeps Turning on all by itself.
Incident in the Woods
A little story be me ;)
Please Help Me.
Yet another cautionary tale about Ouija boards (Pt2)
I need your help, I opened the second basement
I'm not sure if I ever existed
Never Let The Light Go Out At Night
I went to a room that materialises people mind
The thing in the woods
Footsteps
If you find the tall man, make sure to stay away from the light
Tales From A Lonely Motel Part 6
For my son...
Dancing Plague
I Just Listened To Spotify Audio From The Future, Something Terrible Is About To Happen
the worst Nightmare/LucidDream or whatever this was
If you were God, you might send mankind this message
It wanted us alone
Careful Caliper
The Woods Are Alive
Things are disappearing into thin air.
A dream of mine could be telling be something
Shapeless Shadows
He pulls a lever.
The Blueberry farm
My father suffered from schizophrenia. After going to a toilet, I finally found out what happened.
Dear Diary: One Woman’s Journey Through Rona’ Invasion Alora “Ann Frank” Tefariah
I bought a strange doorbell camera online
My Doorbell Camera Caught Something Very Disturbing
The Click
People Live Inside My Phone
Scared awake so hard my muscles hurt
Demonic Encounter
Wow!!! Now Young Mom Ellena Is Ok After Elleny Trying To Ask For Milk Ag...
Blink of an eye (PART 1)
Here's my True Story Reddit
The "Monster" In The Woods
My Neighbor, the Sweet Old Necromancer
This isnt fun anymore, This isnt fun anymore, This isnt fun anymore...
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 3)
The House with 100 Doors (Part 2): The Crooked Hall
My Best Friend Is Haunting Me. part 0.
I Decided to Sneak Into My Town's Private Nightclub and Now I Understand Why It's Private (Part 1)
Woods Bobby
I've found myself stuck in a living foosball machine. Please help.
I have one job. And I’m very good at it.
The Cryptid Files of Alice Irvin (part two)
Something strange is happening in this village
the suburban girl
This has only happened once. So far.
Why is my sister here? (Part 2)
We got the twenty week scan back yesterday.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
Hang Man's Trail
My Furby
Don't You Forget About Me
It is 4am I'm crapping myself
I don’t think I’m the last one in the office.
I've always known I'm not human, but this is too much.
Bad Dog (part 2)
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars - The riddle in the elevator and the first challenge
Forty Ways to Die in the City
weirdest/ strangest experience in my life
Burn Before Reading (Part 2)
Too many nightmares
I haven't left my apartment in nearly five years. It's mostly fine.
My first Story
I Met God In An Interrogation Room
They have been following me too
Dude, where's my aliens?
For the people familliar with the mysterious case of Mateusz Kawecki, there has been now information released about his death. I've made a video about it for the peaople that are interested :)
Black Plastic, White Sleep
My sister is back, but something is off.
sss pp
The Invasion
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 2
I can’t See through the fog, nobody can, Part 2
Scary short story by me!
I found a tape that I wasn't supposed to listen to.
I’m a magician, and I had a run-in with something beyond tricks.
The Blue Room: The Creeping Dark
My plane crashed on a deserted island. Somethings going on. Pt 1
I Hear an Owl Outside Every Night At 11:15
Tuesday
I once knew a guy who could read people's minds after he inflicted pain on them
There are noises in my backyard.
My Dad took a job as a lighthouse keeper, the caretaker left a list of rules.
Monsters beneath the surface
Friday
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive.
the old man in the forest
A weird dream.
White clothed cliché ghost woman
One large pie and a Coke please. (PART 3)
I Am A World-Famous Artist. My Secret Is I Use My Victims Blood to Paint.
The doll in the school restroom
I need help please!
My mama used to tell me about the magical world she visited on the weekends
I spent the night in a ghost town
I was Walking down the street and saw my best friend but she was... different..
My tinder date tried to murder me.
Even butterflies Bite. Alternate- The Unintended Consequences of Killing a Soul
Interesting
Blurry Faced Thing Pt. 1: The Cottage Dreamso there's this thing in my house
Am I a missing person yet?
I’ve seen a lot in the 70+ years I’ve lived here
Something followed me back home
The Black Thing
Adam Wicker
My husband has had a recurring dream since he was 11 years old. It finally drove him to suicide.
I've Been Stuck In An Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks (PART 2: Finale)
Just a normal day
my girlfriend isn’t my girlfriend anymore
That one teacher
I am a Bartender at The Laboratory part 1
Into the dark
There was something indescribably wrong with the Thanksgiving turkey.
My name is Sam. If you're reading this: don't come for me. Part 2.
The Switch - Part 1
Bumps In The Night Pt.1
Axis The Dog Man
Melissa’s pool
Hospital government secrets? . (true story)
Rosewood Pt. 3, Trash Day
Pitch-Black
Death keeps following me
“I’m hiding..can you find me?”
Have you ever lost a key?
Black Windows: We are Nowhere
Where the Caterpillars Die (Part 1)
Hopscotch and Four Square
My Roommate Has a Cagastric Disease
everything looks at me
Frederick (Part 1)
Storming are 51 didnt went as expected.
The Girl In The Painting
I Was Sent Away to a Young Offenders Camp . . .
I'm Stuck in a forest please help.
What is something you woke up to and will never forget
Mentally Unprepared, Horrifically Scarred
There were bees in her brain
Last night I killed myself.
Everyone's worried about Covid-19, I know I should be too, but my neighbour is up to something and that worries me so much more
I am a new Fire watchmen (Things are weird)
Demonic attacks in my dreams
The mania forest. Brief survival guide. Chapter one: part 1 the hanging tree
I just started at Topper Heights Boarding school. I don’t think the school like scholarship kids.
The World is Moving
Visiting my grandma's friend's house
The House by the River
Margie’s Bed and Breakfast (Part 1)
Espic Acid
I’ve finally discover why we could only find headless stags in the forests lately. And now I just fucking wish to leave this horrifying place - Part 1
Last night I ran somewhere I shouldn’t have. It’s awake now.
People Are Following Me Pt. I.II (clean version) The Nomad Chronicles
The Slasher.
I’m an employee at an unusual movie theater. We don’t open 'Screen Zero' to the public.
Don't offer rides to strangers
Looking to narrate and perform stories
The Internet has gone too far
I know what’s wrong with my body for six out of seven days of the week. Mondays are always a brutal start to the weekly cycle.
My Father Avoided Death By A Few Minutes
Tinder Date 🔥
Highwaymen
We Are Selling Our Haunted House (pt 1)
SCP-4331
My first exorcism was in a Chuck E Cheese
I think I had a run in with the Pope Lick Monster as a child. Has anyone else had a similar experience?
To all Institute agents: captive is on the run.
My favorite mug has photos of someone else's family
Someone else has been in my house.
Bathroom scary story I had. first post
The Transcript of the Wilmette Murder Case: Official Report - Audio Log
My Dreams Hurt me in real life
I work at a gaming cafe and it has a few strange rules.
I was locked in detention. The last day before the school was abandoned
He had Too Many Teeth
The Great Exchange
True story - someone or something was in my house
Eyeless creatures
We went into the mine shaft, and saw something that we’ll never forget.
Never use a public restroom.
Zak Bagans Museum Of Horror (Update)
MESSAGE INTERCEPTED; PLEASE READ
What a Spooky Night
It's not a baby no matter how much it disagrees. Update:1
There's something in the woods behind our house
cat
NoSleep Interview with Cawdor23!
The scariest beachside vacation ever.
i am a person and this scary thing just happened to me
I'm a diver for the state police (part 1)
How to Survive Camping: the bad years
Other ways to fall sleep fast
The Crow-Faced Kids
Computer crash
I had disturbing experience on the greenway
The title is: Video Games are Stupid and People Who Play Them Are Dumb
I work the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules. (part 4)
I got a ride from someone with no regret.
The Watering Hole
God is in the details.
Old Enemies
The last time I broke into a house I was the only one who made it out alive...
I am a psychologist. My patient has Wendigo psychosis.
Help finding an old story from here
Broken Mind
ART IMITATES LIFE - Second Half
What hapend to wickr vendors ?
My hometown is probably haunted
I Knew My Drinking Would Catch Up To Me Someday, I Just Never Imagined It Would Be Like This...
My dad's aunt was visited by something
The unseen boy in class part 1
Keep Getting This Weird Email Ad
I accidentally turned The Syrian Civil War into an interstellar conflict and now we're all in danger.
Well, cutting off my handing didn't work.
The four-legged man
The Body
This really happened to me last night and I don’t know where else to post it
Money can free someone from Death Row
Do y’all know of any Mr. Nightmare/CreepyPasta stories that have been confirmed as true? If so, which ones?
Dog dreams
I witnessed the Beginning of the End Times
I got paid $20k to test a video game and now everything I love is dead
The Depth at Tears of the Turtle
My only Haven is this screen.
I stole a pimp's typewriter. He wrote an erotic novel, but I finished the ending.
My boyfriend have a skin problem
Inside the picture on the wall
The strangest poker face I had ever seen
Very broke and excruciatingly bored.
I woke up and no one knows me
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART TWO (2)
They knock twice
In Your Neighbourhood? FAR More Likely Than You Think.
Stripper Rave Cruise
I am stuck in a lucid dream
My Brother's Thanksgiving
I shouldn't have tried astral travelling.
It all started with a Tsunami.
I'm stuck in 2020.
Free At Last
WIBTA if I stopped my kids (9/F, 7/M) from seeing their best friend (11/F) ?
Do You Know of the Moonchild?
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 10
Why I retired from Pest Control!
LUST
I'm a Guard at a Graveyard (Part 2)
Welcome to The Hospital of Horror - Disclaimer
Part One:I'm being stalked by a clown from my hometown.
I am not missing
Jadwiga's house - Maude (Part 2)
The human fate
My Friend Went Missing, and His Captor Told Me Where to Find Him.
I was a millionaire and I didnt know it. (Confusing and creepy)
I’m House Sitting for my Brother. His Baby Monitor is Keeping Me Up at Night.
My great grandmothers house is buried in my backyard
The Most Unnerving Conversation I've Ever Had
Love at First Light
Ageless.
The Lady in Yellow
I've been working as a park ranger for 15 years and I've seen some strange things #2
Visited by something at night, then all supernatural experiences end
I was a cartoonist that worked for Murderers part 1
Need a horror fix
Nothing is that simple
Why I quit being a psychologist
UNKT578
"There's something inside my house"
I clicked on a link and now I don't exist in this world anymore
There's a group of Christmas Carolers after me
I Stopped At An Inn For The Night...
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back. FINALE, part 2
Night watchers?
If you see an ad that offers to get the “creative juices” flowing, DONT CLICK IT
CrownGamersEarnMore
Never go too far into the woods...
PART 1 The Interview
C O L D S P O T
a omegle chat that i wish i never say
The Journal of Arrow (The Void Expedition, Days 1 - 4)
Probably Just a Bear
Dearest Brother
I don’t know if I should have ever bought my daughter that doll
An interesting little place.
Unintended Access
My building has tales to tell (part 1)
The Dusty Horrors
Wishes Don't Belong in a Bottle
Sun Butter
Family in Black-and-White
I decided to turn my dreams (and nightmares) into short stories
Don't get snatched at night: Finale
You Think YOUR Boss is a Nightmare?
I got a call from myself. I think I'm going to ruin my own life.
I've been praying for my mom's coma to end for fifteen years, but now I wish she would've remained unconscious forever.
Did someone of you found omething in your pocket that you know that you did not put in there?
The GuideLines To Survival(Part 1)
I found an unopened letter in my mom's attic after her funeral. I shouldn't have read it. (Part II)
I was nearly a victim of John Wayne Gacy
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly
FAKE NEWS
I'm a Monster Without My Coffee... Literally.
Have you ever wondered if you theres multiple realities? I know and they are terrifying.
My stalkers are becoming a problem
It's watching
And when you're done reading this.
Kiah Cometh for Thee - Part Two: Scars on Scars
A "haunted" place
Possible things that can visit you in your sleep
My brother is gone and missing, I don't know what to do!
As a child psychologist, I’ve worked with some pretty exceptional patients. Leanne was the second.
I'm not sleeping without having my phone near again
The Story of What Happened After I Inherited My Late Grandfather's Mansion
My sister's new puppy
I Painted Something That Shouldn't Exist
this is a story about an old house in my old neighborhood
The Wastelands
Times ticking
I saw something
Grief is a bitch
I have a strange, albeit almost magnetic feeling about one of my costumers
There’s no afterlife. But there’s a pre-life and I remember it.
What sneezes you?
My grandfather traded my soul to the grim reaper
Hairpin romance part 1
Don’t lucid dream during red-eyes
‘Twas the First Night Before Christmas when I came back
My Brother?
In a strange town called Orion's Crest, my family and I discovered true terror. Now, we will never be the same.
The Tower
My Sister Went Missing Over Three Years Ago. Now I’ve Been Getting Weird Letters From Her PART THREE - Ben's Voice Recordings, continued
Denizens of Enverness: Raiders of Foxton Docks
Targeted Ads
The story of how Parker's mom and dad met.
I keep hearing footsteps in the vacant room above me.
My dog has been talking to me, and what it’s saying doesn’t sound good (Part 1) (Remastered)
Ongoing strange-ness
I was abdopted by aliens (Part 3)
My Shadow Has Wings (part 1)
I died last night...
My second day at Disney World just became Pleasure Island. (3)
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Final)
Echo Ghost
The Thing at 3 AM
How I became a Targeted Individual a few days ago.
Illinois Killings
The Journal Entries (Pt. 1)
The Cabin and 6
Finding The Bubak
Everyone I went to school with is turning out to be a serial killer. I'm the only exception.
We Found a Cult in the Woods
Confessions of a Serial Killer
80% of your daughters blood was removed. The only person in the house was your son.
The Sewer Mermaid
ALEC SHEMPSON - I FOUND THE BOOK
The drawer
I thought I was joining poetry club but I may have stumbled across an occult!
My Imaginary Friend
Every forty-two days, someone comes out of the old bathtub
If Your Car Breaks Down In The Nevada Desert, Pray
My Work Got a New Client, and Everything is Getting Strange.
If you enjoy scary content check this channel.😈😈
Room 276: Pretty Woman
SuperMarket Memoirs 11: Animal Instincts
"Shapeshifters."
Blutnacht, Part I: Bloodborne
case_file_7.02
My Husband's Smile
The Limbless Mannequins
"I will this blood of mine to bind,
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of. (Part 3)
Last night I had a bad trip
I keep hearing a ringing noise outside my window...
What Happened To Emily?
It’s 4:30 and I can’t sleep
Devil worshippers lived in my old house, now something has attached itself to my family. He sits outside of my window.
Sweet Slumber.
Mosquitoes
The odd behavior of Mrs. Burdow
Captain Miles Foster's Log 6 May, 1807
I was diagnosed with reactive arthritis. (Part 1)
The Curiosity Machine
The Haunted Hard Drive (PART 1)
Sanctorum
The Burning Man
My family always leaves the lights on dim.
Something is Strange in Venice (Part 1)
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. Here’s how things ended.
What if? 👀
I am Donald J. Trump and my LIFE is in PERIL
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 3 (FINALE)
Someone taps on my window everynight at the same time
Language of the damned
Guess Who's Coming for Dinner
Everytime I Die, I wake up in a Different Reality
I met the girl of my nightmares at a concert last night
I have sensitive senses, I didn't understand why until later in life.
I found a doorway in my apartment that should not exist
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that shouldn't exist
I think the Devil is talking to me whilst I'm sleeping. He's fucking intense.
Im making progress
Never in the Dark
the house my house
Mr Jangle- a poem I wrote this morning about a creepy guy in my town
Request: does anyone remember the stories the included an ominous figure that always ate pistachio nuts?
021121 Thur Shampeachment Day 3
Overnight camping: My first year
Small Cloud Bridge
Have You Seen Sarah?
sleep is the least of your worries
My name is Tom and I have a problem
What Can Babies See?
Crime scene cleanup job that will haunt me forever...
Stories From My Time in a Cult pt. 1
Ferockwhite Springs
Under the Forest
FUNNY YET SCARY. ANYONE HAD SIMILAR EXPERIENCE?
My roommate is a Camgirl
SWAT Officer here. Still stuck in this godforsaken school. (Part 2)
If Jake From State Farm was Real
Trading stock ruined my life
I applied as a night class teacher in a Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow
I found an old, sealed letter under a floor tile in my bathroom - Part 2 of 2 (FINAL)
why can i hear his screams for help?
I found a rouge transmission from space, I wish I didn’t listen to it.
The Note
The Manifesto
What sounds do YOU hear at night?
I came home from college to find an Entity in my crawl space
A Murderer Broke Into My House
Does anyone else remember NASA sending people to mars?
Neighbor Left Her Keys Inside Her Apartment Door Last Night, And Now She's Dead
Our hometown is no longer safe from the threat coming this October (Part 2)
The reason I don’t house sit at my granddads mansion
They Exist, and They’re Lying to You About Them
My dad left me a cassette player, and i think im trapped like him.
The cursed work
Do you know the concealed web part 1
"Every day, I pass by the same homeless man who rattles the same cup at me, and every day, I drop a few coins in it. He terrifies me. What happens when I forget?"
FINGERBANG by fredrik granström
The Creepy Whispers
I've been here before. Have I? No, I don't think so.I've seen this before
My experience playing the Neighbor Game
She still follows me
I’m Dead, But Not Really
A hooded ghost ran behind me in my bathroom
Follow the clues of which there are non.
The neighborhood near my english school
My Daughter Loves John Lennon
A Real Superhero (Part 1)
The devil in the forest.
May 2020 contest nominations
The Spurned.
My wife went missing last year and I'm so cold.
sex shed
The ghost of the well?
Dog knows best...
Sorry this is long but i feel you need all the details
looking for an old Reddit post...
Winter War
There's a voice in my head, and I don't think this is going to go well...
What to do if you get a Takka.
Home alone (or was I) Part 1
My Father worked for the Russian Government, Here’s what he left me
I found this set of rules on Reddit a week ago and I think if I didn’t, I think I would have died.
Up North
I need a life partner here for marriage
A Testimony of My Insanity
Ixodida
The Manor of Tobias Xavi (First Interview)
For the past 19 years on the same date I've received a deeply unsettling envelope, but now I think it's almost over
My house is haunted, no one belives me.
Bring her home.
I think I just fingered a succubus
I Found The Journals Of A Man Claiming To Be An Old West Time Traveler (Part 2)
The Ghost Tree. Part Three of Six.
Old flooded train tunnel
My Grandfather’s Vietnam Story
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard.
Commented on a post that got removed shortly after beginning to write, thought it was good so decided to share. Enjoy
A ghostly real estate shoot
Please share your theories, i need help on this.
im new and this is most likely wrong
I’m a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake.
My mom summoned a demon to possess me when I was a kid. And I just met an angel.
I saw a creature in my dream,Now its in the real world
I REQUEST YOUR HELP
I worked for a construction company in the early ‘90s. We found something.
CIGARETTE BURNS
dont say anything
Looking to Interview Ghost Hunters For Our Podcast
Can someone help me locate a story?
It takes me three days to get to work.
My best friend and I are really bored! Part 3
My experience using SLASHER, the social network for Horror
My Dead Father Saved My Life
The terrifying myth in the mountains!
Reaper
Strange happenings in our flat!
Life is a Fairytale....
Dear Elliot, the glass people will be coming.
the color of snow is an insect
I think I almost got kidnapped
Click-click-clickity down the street
The Cabin and the number 6
Jötunheimr (pt 1 repost)
The hearing my moms voices
I found a bag in the middle of the road on route 642.
A Glimpse Is All It Takes
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here
Whats the fastest way to kill yourself?
One Bullet
201 Caldwell Drive (Part Three)
Mermaids Aren't What You Think They Are(Re-uploaded)
Child's Play
Beware of the office hottie...
A Strange Death Recorded by Cameras
The cast of my favourite TV show are sitting under my best friend’s Christmas tree. I can’t tell if they’re real or not.
Someone Else Lives In My Body
I ordered a book online, and it left me with a scaring memory.The Untethering
The Babylon Ring
Magic Marker
The woman behind the glass
I Found Willing Participants
I was inches from being murdered.
What do you guys think of these scary "Randonautica" Stories ? Could hackers actually get the live locations of people and hunt them down through the app?
I reached year 1000 in Stardew Valley. I wish I hadn’t.
Me Myself And I
This happened on my street before I was arrested at BDL. If you haven't heard it on the news yet it's because they don't want you to.
How to survive camping
Cup full of smile
I've Made A Terrible Mistake.
Strange Ladders Have Been Appearing Across My College
OH GOD
ERASE YOUR MIND ( Creepy story i found on Facebook)
I went into an alleyway now there is no end.
The Dark Mother and the Prince
Blind Billy's Binds
I tried to trick the reaper. Now an abomination that used to be my best friend wants me dead.
The Satanic Pizza Journals: My terrible choices
What people don't know about being a baby and before that.( Part 1)
Mr. Pig keeps coming back....
Something That No One Will Like
Muscled Skeleton
MA AND POP'S VELVET MOONSHINE.
EXPERIENCE NEAR AN INDIAN UNIVERSITY
the apartment drifter
The People in the Forest
An Eye For an Eye
Thunder River Rapids Ride Story
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why.
Parts
People in the walls {Part 1}
The Black knight Manifesto
I'm a pushover.
Burn Before Reading
The Accidental Cannibals
Life is not worth living a second time.
I volunteered to be ‘vanished’ by a cheesy TV magician
I am a Genetic Scientist, and We Control Everyone.
Her life
I've definitely been here before, and I need help: The Test Call
Anybody familiar with YellowBricc Road
Seeing Monsters
Scary story video
Rot
Help please
Her eye was a spiral
It must still be out there somewhere...
COULD SLEEP LAST NIGHT WAS TO BUSY WATCHING ABANDONED FACTORY FULL OF LOADED NEEDLES AND GRAFFITI
(R/NoSleep) I am going to a haunted forest, and I may not make it out alive.
My brother is missing (Pt. 1)
Decay
The school ceiling collapsed and I don’t think it’s just asbestos that’s falling out.
Mack Avenue
I think Someone’s in our House.
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. Part 2 of 4.
Creepy nightime dog walking encounter
99% Off ($0.09) Amazon UOFOCO High Boots for Women Fashion Cosplay Black Vegan Leather Over Knee Gothic Lolita Bows Boots
Voudou Chronicles I: “Orevwa”
Help. My family is getting replaced. #2
My time working at walmart
Crappiest date of my life
I'm going to wake up soon
I have lived in the woods my whole life. They are not meant for people.
My neighbor murdered my dad. After searching his house following his arrest, I can't say I blame him.
Racism is bad!
Ever think death was easier?
I found a satchel hidden in my grandparents attic and the contents has given me chills (part 2)
I really love nail polish.
The Devils 7 Christmas Presents - LUST
I Thought I was Imagining The Noises Outside My House, Until I Saw the Tracks in The Snow Part 3
I keep hearing my voice when I'm not talking, and now my mom and roommate have, too.
I Don't Think What I Saw in the Distance Was an Animal, Nor a Human
Long time reader 1st post.
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Final Part.
I heard a woman die over my university’s ham radio.
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to be ordained again. This was a mistake.
My late grandfather watches me sleep every night.
Never go into the woods at night.
I woke up from a nap, and everyone was gone.
I've been having dreams about the Route my aunt disappeared from.
Fuelled by hatred
This message was sent 20,000 years ago
The Year 2097
Hitchhiking
The people under the sea
It Calls Me
I think my daughter is raising the dead (finale)
Today, there will be a post stating I gave an interview to NoSleep. Don't click it.
You should be honored...
I'm an elevator repairman. This is why you don't get off until the door is open all the way.
Marmee's Flower Shop — (1) The Walrus in My Window
My cat started talking to me this week. She protects our world from her evil sister.
What not to do when home alone
Tomatoes
Straight Rows
Pressing, Pressing
My Purpose in Life
I can't post my stories any where else this is my last shot.
Garden Creeping in Ashton
I’m scared.
My friend with a cult memeberCan you die in RDYD?
The Great Maxamillian
I Miss Mommy
I went to the lake today.
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and it’s taking a toll on my mental health.
The Gnawing, Pt 1
4. My Kid Summoned A Demon, And They Want Something Ridiculous From Me.
Allison, the freak weirdo methhead creep
Under the east river
Webcam
I met Santa last year, now I’m terrified for the 25th
Strange car driving slowly on my street, with yellow amber light.
I Guess We Can Play Fair? Part 1
The Hijra
Mirrormen took my mother from me 256 days ago but all is not what it seems...
Penance (final part)
Someone is in my house and trying to kill me(part 1)
There was something on the bed...
I guess this was the last straw.
The fastest way to die.
Favors For Norse Gods: Possession
Beast in the park
A Drowned Woman
I was hired to babysit a locked room
The Way The World Ends (Part Three)
A Trip To Vedina
Warning from the Radio
Get me out of this town.
I just learned what the scratches in my house are coming from
Do you ever wake up feeling like something just isn’t right?
"Friendship Bracelet"
The figure
The Bluebell Man
Every person in the entire apartment building suddenly died a horrible death
My boyfriend needs to be drunk in order to have sex with me. (part 2)
The graveyard shift (part one)
My sister suddenly fell into a coma. I realised she was now something else.
Some yokai has jokes
Not a story
Beyond our Nightmares - 2
I didn’t make it
Smoke Without A Fire
No Sleep When You See This Child Killer
The shining
The pigman
Any one else in retail experience this?
I received a strange journal and I need help investigating the contents (Part One)
I'm an ER Nurse......
scary
Feeling kind of smug :)
The krampus before Christmas
I’m a midnight gamer, sometimes things unusual happen...
Shattered
A Manifestation of Sirenhead Haunts the Swamplands of Arkansas
Infected (Part 4)
A man knocked on my door and offered me 10% off of pest control service. Now I wish I accepted his offer.
I though my neighbors were abusing their child, but it was so much worse than that
Being invisible is not what you think it’s like (Part 1)
Something in our lake has a human face... but it's not human. It Gets Weirder (Part 5)
idk what to call this
The Umbrella Room
Astral travel experiences?
I found a box of strange DVDs at work. I wish I never watched them.
I Am A Scientist At A Secret Research Facility, What We Made Is Ending the world. (2)
I don’t think my big sister was the same after when she quit being a bellboy at a hotel.
Surviving an encounter with a ghost
The Cat That Lives in My Dreams
I’m a monster, that’s hired to hunt other monsters
Flick the Switch; Numb and Wake Up.
Observatory
If you ever hear crying coming from the woods, don’t follow it “part 1”
Dear redittors my friend has started writing some really good stuff plz check it out
I was a two headed boy. The truth about what happened to Christopher Hughes.
Stopover At A Weird Walmart
The Moon isn't Just a Rock, it's much more terrifying
I should have never downloaded this game.
2-in-1 Shorts
I'm a psychiatric doctor for the Navy, and I was gifted a box by my Great Grandfather's will.
The Abattoir
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 4
Delivery notifications are convenient, but they're disturbing when you receive them by mistake.
My Mother.. Is a Monster..
A letter my dad received from his sister that was sentenced for murdering her dad and shooting his wife
The only time I gave a one star Uber rating.
Who or What Attacked Me at the Crime Scene I was Processing?
Mr. Lore: Bright sun shiny day
There is Something up With my Stepmom's Wine
The Hospital Chapter 1
There is something in the field behind my house
Endscreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children
A job I wish I hadn't taken (Part 1)
"It's all in your head!" Part 1
Everyone in my family is assigned an hourglass when they are born. Pt.3
Should I drink when I’m stressed out?
Vicariously_precious
The brainwashing
If you knock on the door of an empty room and someone answers, don’t enter
1000 Feet Below (Ch. 1~09832)
I talk in my sleep
Do You Feel Them Crawling?
Whatever The Shaman Gave Me Finally Stopped The Nightmares
Why do they vanish?
If your best friend tells you they have an imaginary friend, please believe them.
humans were born to fight
Lost Time Is Never Found Again
I don't see my reflection in the mirror
I've been dead a while now, AMA.
Please respect your Domovoi.
The Thing from the Hockomock Swamp.
I bought my life for $19.99
A moldy and damaged journal part 1
I’m in my apartment and I’m scared.
Someone call me for a good time 3307872670
Submarine Peeper issue, suggestions needed
Anyone Subleasing In Eerie, Pennsylvania. The Last Guy's Living Room Was Too... Lively
Want to join "Ups &amp; Downs"? A Discord community accepting of all users (4000+)! We offer discussion from a range of topics including mental health, life and recovering from addiction, as well as active voice chats.
Lost in The Universe
there is blood under my fingernails
La cague
What lurks beneath - pt
Shel Silverstein Head
I was home alone once as a little kid
A very short story
I moved in my grandparents’ house. They have some weird rules about basement I have to follow
The Maggots
The game
A Story of Golden Trines
Young, dumb, and haunted
The Screamers: Mary’s Family
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night, Part 9: The Three Deaths (Finale and Epilogue)
Beware of Old Spirits in the Adirondack Mountains.
My Uncle Seen Something We Still Can't Explain
I got invited to a sleep-over. I shouldn't have accepted the offer.
Was harassed and threatened by railway coolies
I think I witnessed a murder?
I’ve been having insomnia for two months and i think its from a video that said will drive you insane (part1?)
Photo *shoot* (trigger warning)
Something is wrong with my family's lakeside cabin.
Dear Mister Insomnia, please let me sleep tonight.
r/Advice said I should tell you all about my new gym partner
I'm a type one diabetic, and I went bear hunting alone in the forest for the first time. ** This is based on a true story that nearly ended the same way, not even kidding**
Welcome to the Scary Story Society
my post I accidentally posted on a different Reddit
Slumber Valley Clinic (1/3)
The Fall That Paranoid The Town
The Leer
Happiness in Glass Jars
3am sleep paralysis
An Army of Dog Zombies is Devouring my Town
We all had so much in commen
A stranger saved me from a serial killer
92M Redacted
The Westwood Murders
Sandboxers pilot ep0
Someone’s not normal
I've Been Stuck In An Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks (PART 2)
I was almost kidnapped by a sugar daddy who have minors in his house
My unit is overrun by COVID-19, but there is something I fear more than the virus...
My psychiatrist is a bit unorthodox
A message from another planet...
A Scarlet Bus
My Brother Has Very Fragile Skin...One Day He Fell On Cement and Now He's Different
Why You Should Always Honk If You're Horny - A "Rules of the Road" Entry, Part 2 of 2
Do not go to Joobert.org
A Sound in the woods (A siren head story)
The First and Last Thing He Ever Heard - Two Brothers' Experience With "The Rules of the Road"
Recognition
Don’t play with fire
Mirrorverse
No one could have ruined Thanksgiving more than our brother did.
The Other World (Parts 1 through 4)
Charge of Quarters
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke (Part 4)
"The Woman in Room 406"
Scared and paranoid
My cousin keeps waking me up every Christmas
Ouija board inside a house wall.
6 A.M. Strobes
I THINK I HAVE PTSD AND RINGING IN THE EARSAND IM ON EDGE ALL DAY AND CANT SLEEP AT NIGHT THATS WHATLISTENING TO MY THOUGHTS HAS DONE TO MEI've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Finale)
My research into an obscure horror game took a sinister turn
Keep it a secret or
Sleep Paralysis Demons
I'm Not the Only Me and I'm Running Out of Time.
Every time we hear the prayer bells and the screams, someone goes missing from our village.
My Grandfather Died Yesterday
I’ve been lost in the woods for three weeks. It’s still chasing me. (1)
He Came Back To Visit
The last meal
The Infection
I'm being sent to hell for underage drinking.
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I can’t remember my name and something is trying to kill me.
Theres a discord for all nighters
My son is possessed by a Demon and I have never been happier - Part 1.
School Stories (part one)
The infection
I suppose obesity can save the world now?
I just killed my roommate.
Upon waking up at 2:30 AM for a snack, you go to raid the fridge and find that it smells terrible. Then you notice the body parts in tupperware containers sitting on the second shelf.
They’re coming for me
The engineer
The documents about the end of the world.
Garfield
I Took A Job From A Strange Woman In A Bar. I Regret Nothing
Felt it
If this is a prank, it's a really stupid one  (NSFW)
Did I move into a haunted house after graduation?
My dad was buried alive
The Red camp
Back
I rode an elevator to the thirteenth floor
The OtherPlace
My Family Christmas Dinner Was Worse Than Yours
I'm a retired homicide detective. I'm beginning to suspect that my wife is a serial killer. Pt.3
Timmy's Town
I Had No Idea My Perfume Hobby Could Be So Dangerous! (Part 1)
The alternate ending ( true story)
Experiments
They're Coming For Us
My college sorority is different. – Her true form
I found a body that was sent from heaven.
My friend told me something I can’t get over
Confession: I had to kill my son to feed my other children
Upcoming Scary Storytelling Youtube Channel
I woke up in a yellow forest (Part 2)
He counts
Continue the story &gt;&gt;
Don't Come Home (True Story - Picture Included) (Part 1)
Hey i have been noticing weird stuff happening this is my story (so far)
I Have the Most Ridiculous Irrational Fear
Just a dream (part 2)
I Wanted to be Part of this Community!
18.98 Hz
That wasnt a deer, right?
If you see a help wanted sign for a kitchen in the middle of the desert, don’t apply.
Project-SE17 (Part 1)
At 9:13 AM on 15th June 2020, my best friend is going to kill himself. And there is nothing I can do to stop him.
Don't Look Too Closely At The Paintings In The Waiting Room.
I experience the days of the week in a different order. Something terrible will happen on Wednesday.
There's something weird happening to the bodies in my town. PART I
L’appel du vide
The Hungry Thing on the Tracks
2kwkek
Only half of this is true
What Lie Beneath the Surface
BLOODY HOME
What do you guys think happened to my friend?
If The Power Goes Out at 4:21am, There’s A Reason Why.
Be Nice to Everyone, Even Those Who Doesn't Exist...
"Pop" - an HP Lovecraft inspired short horror story :)
When the sun’s light changed
I should've never moved to Tennessee ( Please HELP)
I found a door in my apartment basement. It leads to a place far worse then Hell.
I had the same nightmare for weeks. I now know what it meant...
(Part 1) My Job At Retail: The Rules
The Demon Down the Street
I discovered a lost city underneath my house. I should never have gone exploring.
Infected City
Mysteries around the globe: Episode 1 transcript
I used to live in a haunted house for a year.
Toybox I: The Girl in the Box
I Moved To A New Community, These Are The Rules
Fame
My sister went missing in the mountains 3 years ago. The other day, I received her voicemails. (Part 2)
I Want To Be Great
My first exorcism experience.
I’ll never be alone again. (Part 2)
Ten years ago I killed myself. The Devil gave me a second chance at life.
My dog is a demon ghost
The seat next to me was empty on my flight back to London. But when I woke in the night, I found a strange man sitting there. Our conversation will haunt me forever.
Drowning
I went on the deep web and now deeply regret it.
100 hours no sleep challenge!
I think someone is stealing my Self Control. (First)
If you see a woman with a serrated smile, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
My Paranormal Experiences
The House on the Outskirts
My name is Emma and I'm the ghost in a house
The Kudzu Princess
Two Nights in Ricker Basin
My Sleep Paralysis Encounter
The happiest place on earth is dying - Part 2
Things aren't what they seem
When Lucy Saved Me
Something was in my addic
My Friends Say I Can Be Kind of a Douche
Story request
I was the security guard hired to protect the estate, The forest still has eyes
My Generic Grade school Bully Became A Malicious Spirit
I'm clearing out (REDACTED)...it's not as abandoned as they think
Daddy or Mommy
Steve Harvey is in my house...with a knife
Someone Stole a Book from a Museum, Now He's Gone Missing
My malware became sentient and is blaming me for it's existential crisis
What has my freind given me pt 1
The tapping
The underground levels
We're never alone.
I don't know if my little sister is okay
My visions curse me
One of the scariest high school party experiences ever
The Boy from Janine's Ghost Story blog
Almost got kidnapped
True Story.
The Deadtime Chronicles: Book One
I am never killing again.
Somethings are just not meant to be found
hi i’m new to reddit and i don’t want to sound stupid but are these stories fictional but supposed to sound real or are they real from what people experience?
I don’t think my dreams are just dreams anymore...
These aren't my parents.
Pizza guy!
This first date isn't going very well.
I’m a hot man on the run from the company I work for (part 1)
Subject 020: "The Sunken Man"
I think Slenderman was in my bedroom 2 years ago... (TRUE STORY)
I see things when I blink
Has Anyone Heard of This Dr. Seuss Book?
I survived a plane crash 5 years ago. That was the easy bit. Day 2.
Dry bench
There's something strange happening at the Home for the Elderly
A different kind of drug.
The door with the ivory handle
Hacksaw Boy
The Lady in the Hall.
I help people commit suicide but they have to convince me to do it first.
The House That Time Has Forgotten...
Circus ShowDid it follow us or did we invite it...
Essential
Surgical Theater
I saw a ghost in the old mirror
My stories from working as a line cook
I Found a Village in Italy That still Worships a Roman Goddess, and Now I Wish I Didn't (Part 3)
They Used Their Invention
Does anyone know about this paranormal game?
I will never be the same after this rave...
Try Our Milkshake
Eleições na escola
Scary cab job
I decided to write a short story cause I was bored
What happened to me at Marysville Lane
The morning I met my dream man
How I Lost two Years of my Life
Never ride your motorcycle near the woods at night
This body isn't mine
God is in the details
A Quiet Hike
White dress
Deadly father
I went to work, and no one showed up. #1
Duolingo strikes back
A kidnapping war
Alice Woke Up In A Panic
too much if it's present
The Place We All Call Home Pt.1
The Sink
The God Farm of Tevam Sound (Part 1)
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i found was not human(PART 4)
I’m different so they hate me
The monster behind meI saw my Sister where she wasn’t
Something awful was in that house
5th September 2019
Never try to kill yourself among the dead. It will have far-reaching consequences.
Mr. Nightmare
My youth group leader had us wear our flaws
wow sauce is good
I remember the day they arrive
ＤＯＮ＇Ｔ ＳＬＥＥＰ ｖｏｌ．７
Brittle Bones
Looking out into the abyss
South
I was tired of a karmic magician getting by with everything. So I took cosmic law into my own hands.
I Saw It Happen In My Sleep
I admit, joining a desert rave with connections to a cult is a pretty bad idea.
Phobophobia
Stupid flowers
He couldn’t remember his mother
Space travel was not what we imagined
Capgras Syndrome
There is something very wrong in my sister's room.
Last week I started having nightmares. Now I need help.
I’m from the future. Do yourselves a favor and don’t go to Mars.(Repost)
Nightmares: Stage 1, The hospital and the list of rules
I know why he wouldn’t tell me.
I'm beginning to think my roommate is dead.
Never Follow Rules from a Haunted House
A Late Night Visitor
The knocking didn't come from the door
The cost of knowledge
Something Is Preying on Our Town Part 2
S.O.S. goodnight neighbors
Lake Sister
A witch and her 9-foot naked stalker is not the worst I've seen
The Ghost in My House Is Solidifying
The Shack by the Graveyard
An Alarming Smile And Large Sprite.
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
The True Horror Movie Experience. Part Two.
I’d like to share a story, negative comments welcome. Need a boost for share. (Not good at social)
My brother collected eyes.
I Live In a Town That Doesn't Exist
I can't sleep and I think it's going to kill me
This Is a Test Post, Please Ignore
Listen to the book's warning
IF YOU CAN SEE THIS, PLEASE READ, IT'S URGENT
Elizabeth's Diary
Have you heard of the game "Bitlife"?
I Think It's Coming Back Pt. 2
Competition
There’s a Reason Gary, Indiana is so Fucking Awful (Part 2)
Hi, I'm a grim reaper
I tricked Candyman into killing my highschool bully
Words of Wisdom, Part 4
4 Percent (reupload)
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 7
I went to a catholic boarding school. A nun with a sense of humor
Never go to the Forest during Sundown
My first story (PLS READ THE PARAGRAPH BEFORE THE STORY)
Every Man Digs His Own Grave
I got rejected by my first choice college, so I visited my second choice, I will not be going to college
Don't get out of bed at night!!!👀
The Inexplicable Road (Pt.3 Final)
Chapter 1: The Transference
God's Plan.
I Think I Accidentally Joined A Cult
I might be asleep typing this and cannot wake up, please contact
Never backpacking again (2/2)
The Tale of Emily Johnson
it lives in the closet (short story) sorry if it feels rushed
It has been twenty one days since the lights flickered
Abandoned, Desolate, Melancholy
The Oil Man
You never really know who someone is
Free Coffee
The School's Basement
Reddit, I need your help to kill myself
I can see the aura.
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Twelve)
Henry (Part Two)
If you see a man in a black suit at the pool, don't go in.
THE BATHROOM DOOR STAYS SHUT
I took a gun to school today. (Part One)
Keep Your Friends Close
My Grandmother worked for NASA. We went back to the moon. Part Three
Masked man in my head, or not?
Heartlesss
The church bells in my hometown went off,Everybody's gone.
Diary of a Monster  9th November 1972
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part One)
What do I do
Lights Bellow Everfall #3
Kids silly things
When I Met Mary
Real Haunt: Elbow Road
Nani she said
I went to sleep and woke up somewhere entirely different.
The Antique Hotel- Permanent Resident
Favors For Norse Gods: The Wild Hunt (Part 2) (Finale)
A glimpse is all it takes...
My uncle crawled in through the front door to my father, crying as he had been followed by something.
The Door (Written by Ash 12yrs Old)
My girlfriend sent me an email...
The Painting
“No one’s gonna find me.”
The Unsettling Case of Daisy Lenore: A Chart Review (Part 2)
Sparking A Global Conversation
I heard screaming from the woods...
Don’t ever look in the mirror if the lights are off.
Monsters Of War
I felt a witch paralyze me.
My House Is Haunted
I've Been Dead for Quite Some Time Now
We found Atlantis
Mother’s First belief of a Skinwalker.
I received a letter from someone claiming to be my unknown brother.
Practice makes Perfect.
Autumn
Look at me
I have to kill my ideas before they hurt anyone else
My phone wont stop breathing.
Uncle Leonard's Disturbing Slideshow
Our life as a jaga
I inherited a Wild West model town. Everyone here is trying to kill one another.The stories my brother told me always came true
Sometimes I dream about my future
I've been listening to laugh tracks lately.
Lost Dutchman
I can't stop cumming.
what did he saw
Voices.
This is the smuggled transcript of convicted killer Ian Masoom's final confession. He was executed yesterday.
They Sold Packaged Love For Free...And Now I Know Why.
Something’s In The Closet
The Devil Wears White
Little Angel
The Never-Named
The Windigo Graveyard - Part Two
Cordero (part 1 of 2)
This adult vacation resort doesn't charge its guests for staying, but for leaving.
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about different types of dogs...
There's something wrong with my twin sister.
I’m on a task force and we’ve been assigned something unexplainable
I can't call myself a victim if I know what I took.
Its funny how life works sometimes
What would happen if I picked up this knife and stabbed you right now?
CLEARWATER POLICE DEPARTMENT
The Chaos Lord. The evil of The Underside
I used to travel to schools to take yearbook pictures. One day I went to a school that does not exist.
My body is no longer my own
I found a gold mirror at the dock, but it definitely was not supposed to be there.
An Emergency Broadcast Appeared On My TV's
Get In The House Now.
I can't close my eyes. I can't look away.
I brought a diamond ring, it won’t stop bleeding.
Short kinda creepy story time
My friend created his own religion. I haven't seen him in days.
My Grandma's house, then and now
Hell On Wheels pt 1
The oily stains on my windows
A face appeared on my wall and moves closer every few nights. (Photographic proof included.)
There's something wrong with the juvenile detention centre I'm imprisoned in
No sleep no peep no beeb
How I became an illegal alien
My life is the movie "Groundhogs Day" and I hate it.
The Nameless Part 2
The Message from the Alphabet Carpet
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 10)
True: I was 5 five when I had my first experience with sleep paralysis
Don't Turn off the Lights
The Voices In Your Head Belong To Us
My Eternal Faith (Part 5)
Encounter
The Alarm Went Off, But It Wasn't Mine. Part 2
You see the craziest things as a small town cop. Do you know what fluid spurts out of monster tentacles?
the ghost hunter
My girlfriend and I pulled a prank, and the nightmares haven’t stopped since.
Rules for Filing for Unemplopyment in NJ
Infinite knowledge
Remember The Zoo?
In my old rental house I felt a cat jumping onto my bed at night but living in a rental we weren't allowed pets
A Monster Hunter's Diary - Entry 1
Could these creepy incidents be related in some way?
Don't defy it...
I think my parents are in a cult (part 1)
Mr. Takes A Lot
LITTLE EYES.
I get buried alive for a living. Something else is down there. PART 2
Blue Moon Part 3 - WiddershinsCase Log, ******* State Police Coroner
A Ghost Named Bart
Summoning Him
Simulation configuration is at 12:09
I work at the moonlight inn and I’m afraid
My Experience at Skinwalker Cabin. Part 1.
Whilst Trick or Treating, my friends and I discovered a house that wasn't there.
Nightmare Part one
The Rules of the Judgement Tree
I found the reason so many entities have rules
Blink
He walks at midnight
For Years I Still Dream About What We Saw In That Base
The smiling monster - a short story
Phone Number from Jordan
Urban Explorers
Chirality
I'm a Night Guard at a Dead Mall. Something Is Trying to Get Inside.
I work at the strangest rural hotel, here are some stories. (Part 1)
The thing in the shed
I Hear a Clicking and it Wont Stop
This Reddit post is my last wish and I beg you to read it.
Tell me your ghost story.
My summer job is to play hide and seek with a demon
I have a farm, the animals have started acting weird
Looking back on the day I died.
Showering at Night: A Guide
I helped out with a blood drive for a service project, and I don't ever want to see or hear of one again.
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 5)
Don't Go Near the Riverman
Help please, I’m stuck inside my bully’s phone!
Those Deep, Dark Wells
Triangles of the lucky
What should I do after this happened to me
I was a travelling salesman but this was my last trip
I’m a plumber and boy howdy have I seen some shit
The Box Turtle
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART FIVE (5)
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried
I acknowledged the existence of the old woman who offers cookies. I don't have long left
This message was sent to me by a scared user:
They look like people
Pro Bowl interview session featuring NFC players.
Anyone convinced they did supernatural stuff as a kid?Horrifying Nightshift Story
I am the YouTube sensation “Miracle Mom” where I document what it is like to raise a paralyzed teenage daughter.
I had a sleepover with my friend before he went missing, it might be a clue.
I have the strange ability to see entities from another dimension in our reality.
Scarecrows whisper.
Video Link
“Serum D-15”
Merry Were the Lambs
I live in a house in the woods pt 2
I Recently Witnessed a Human Sacrifice Ritual. Many Public Figures Attended (1)
Meeting Girlfriend's Mom
The app "Realness Talk Pro" is not what it seems.
I don't think I'm safe when I sleep.
"You can't protect them."
Heaven's Evacuation
The problem with ear worms
Most Loved One
I turned on the TV because I was bored, but that probably saved my life.
My phone goes crazy at night,now I know why...
I almost killed myself in my sleep
#psychological #suspensfull #bio-story #chernobyl
Cassandra: Corona Virus VS Horongic Weapon || Ep. 1.
I Found God
Chalk
Code Name Starfox
First post on this sub what do u guys think about it?
The Scar on my Forehead
(Trigger warning) I don't know if I will die
The Dark
I work as a night guard for a supermarket but not for what you would except: the weird interview
The Witching Park
I found an old View-Master but there was an unmarked slide with it
We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones.” ― Stephen King
I'm a nosleep mod. u/cmd102 said I could post this.
Smiley Riley
My friend was Taken in the Middle of The Night
Kne
Real or Not
Haunted VR TRIGGER WARNING
Marie Sevyonov
Long-Term Nightmare... I Think (Part 1)
We accidentally invented a time machine.... And now I know why my best friend wants to kill me.
This isn’t very long
Life usually isn’t an issue, and it rarely was
I've Let Him Out, and He's Helped Me.
There's a reason there's so many lists on how to survive entities
Something is up with my family
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but I have a few unusual rules. (Part 3) (Rule 9) The Wrong Reflection
There is no escape from this cult. Death isn't even an escape.
Split
Chronicles of lockdown - I
The Beginning of the Arena
Lock Up
Why I Quit Playing Pokemon Go
odd dream i had last night
A girl from my first grade class has been ruining my life. Part 2
Something keeps setting off my neighbor’s motion sensor light at 3 AM.
I cannot sleep I think I’m getting haunted by the aywoki
My Girlfriend and I Went Camping. We Will Never Be the Same.
Saved By A Shaman But Lost
Mama Said
Lost then found, yet forgotten?
Push 'Em All
My teachers are scared of my principal and now I know why...
Graveyard Shift
The Wandering Dancer
Fear of the dark or Fear of the man
The Sweater
I've Been a Truck Drive for a Few Month, I've Seen Some Weird Shit...
I tried to create a sourdough starter. It did not go well.
Self Reflection
I heard a loud crash outside, and now the whole city is dying.
Paranormal game
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and there's no escaping (Pt. 3)
The Ramblings of a Soldier: The Place That Never Existed
I was a janitor at the CDC in Atlanta. They are concealing something very dangerous.
Need help on making a deal with the chief in control.
Red Door Black
Working at an amusement park: Dale's bedtime story
I remember everything so vividly
Vet techs see some weird stuff (part three)
After eight years I'm finally leaving the psych ward
I thought I knew what I wanted, but now I keep dying for it
Grandpa’s Suicide Tapes
Had a nightmare last night and decided to write it cuz I couldn’t fall back asleep
The Witch and the Cave (Part 1)
Death by Dream
September 2019 Voting Thread
Eric
Ok so it was summer camp we could not just go through corona.Ok so it was summer camp we could not just go through corona it was about the 3rd night and as always we did not sit or talk a bit I suppose it was about 3am and all of a sudden we saw a light we thought it was just someone w
My friends performed a taboo ritual to get rich, but something hellish came with it
(Part 1) I'm a cable guy in the world's creepiest little town, Hollow's End..
Normality is boring
The Wild Hunt: Urban Style - Part 2
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (Part Three) - Shadow Beneath the Angels Wing
why im a christian
SUFFERING FROM NYCTOPHOBIA
The Actors Who Never Removed Their Masks
How to Survive Camping: the campground is... leaking
Incident Report
Dios de la Lujuria
Bathroom Banquet
Sweet Dreams
My Ex-girlfriend’s Ghost
The Bus.
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (Part 1)
I know now that I am dying
Sewer line to the past
Beware Of Adriel Tomassa
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 7
I recently came across a weird journal, while doing some urban exploring in an abandoned mental hospital.
Our neighbor is a Doomsday Prepper. Lately they’ve been stockpiling for the End of the World. We are never getting out of here. Final.
Demonic Pacts (Part 4)
The Disappearance of Miles Joseph
The House of the Claw: Reaper
I Know No One Will Listen But This May be Your Only Chance...
"SAMOSBOR"
The rules for camping at Blackwood
Strange Outbreak
Haven’t slept in 2 days because of exams pls pray for me
The Campanile Run
My roommate just had his first day at his new internship. Here is his new employee orientation manual
There’s this new brand of noodles called CreepyPasta and it’s not good for you.
The night I saw Satan
Jon was a nice enough man and what i did was horrible. But its not as if hes really gone
I had to get this off my chest
Don’t call this number, whatever you do.
I read bedtime stories to my kids. One of the stories scared me the most.
Was one eye better than two?
Iridescence and Oranges
All the Kings Horses Part 1
Have you ever seen a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (boys / men's dream)
The Oregon Woods
Summer camp demon?
If you don't have a sugar baby ad up then don't respond to strangers who act like you do.
He won't leave me
Missing Person: Kimberly Woodward
The Burning Wick
There is a strange tune that only i can hear.
My Friends and I Found Something Disturbing While Hiking in Utah
3.2% of adult males see a blood-red crescent moon every Mother’s Day
I’m too big, so you put me in a box.
Flappy Bird was deleted from the App Store in 2014. It reappeared on my phone this morning, but something is off.
I'm an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence (Part 1)
I Hosted a Paranormal TV Show, This is Why it Never Aired. Part 1
My town ins under quarantine, now i'm afraid to go outside
Something is wrong with me(part 1)
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them.
My Worst Subway Experience
The nun in my mirror {PART 1}
"Trick or Treat".
When Death Comes
I'm living with my boyfriend during quarantine. Or so I thought.
My Contract Keeps Me Up at Night
STRANGE HOSPITAL ENCOUNTER
Red Apple Snacks
The God Complex
3 years of isolation causes me to see the weirdest of things...
Real life scary experience.
Keep Walking.
It Feeds
Unknown Number That Keeps Calling Me Is Now "Invalid"
Hallowed Short No. 1 (My series of ultra short stories)
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Snake in the Grass
I don't know if you guys have ever heard the stories of Route 24
Short 5-word horror story
Time's running out.
Tommy
Room 473: It, who came with a starless night
Apotheosis of a disgruntled fast-food employee
This product, currently being sold on Amazon, is harmful to children! Do NOT use!
This Page on TikTok
This Nice Cottage
Someone in My House Called the Police to Report Hearing Something Crawling Upstairs. I Was Neither the Caller nor the Crawler.
I Found an Old Journal, and Something is Attached to It.
am i a stalker
Any scary stories for narration?
We caught a mermaid
I snuck into a zoo after dark, but then I fell into the most notorious exhibit in the country.
If you hear a sound at night, please make a run for it.
Hieroglyphs from confession of a deep sea diver
I Know the Secret to Déjà vu
A story I wrote for a Collaboration website.
I've already died (for real)
I'm a journalist. Since my last report, someone started following me.
My grandma’s house leads to a world full of wonders. A world that looks different at night.
I'm Being Stalked by Creatures That Aren't Human
The Wanderer
December 5th, ████
Our daughter went missing a year ago. Tonight we received a call from her.
Another Nightmare at 20,000 ft
The Bell in the Woods
Scruples
Omegle hacker knows everything I need help
So I was eavesdropping the other day
Where the logging trails lead
My brothers suicide is not making any sense to me. Part 1
My Dreams Won't Let Go
Soft lullaby music playing from wardrobe at the same time every night for a week
I went searching for a witch in desperation, but I should have mourned instead.
Explorer of Realities: The Figure in the Stalls
If you hear a banging noise from your wardrobe or closet get out of the house immediately
Stalker possibly or some troll, or ghost
I had a Freddy Krueger dream &amp; woke up with 3 scratches on my back
Two Years Ago, I Was Crushed To Death. Now It Happens Again Everyday (Part 1)
That Night The Power Went Out
I think I'm in Love. I'm actually, totally, completely, thoroughly, comprehensively, entirely, positively, categorically, in LOVE, and I don't care who knows it
Cure to loneliness !
There's Been a String of Suicides in my Town. The Victims Always Break Their Mirrors First.
The universe is said to be created with mathematics, but we created mathematics?
My 11th grade chemistry class has 28 students. Our teacher is administering a test only 2 of us will survive.
A few of my camping stories that still send shivers up my spine...
Dreams to Reality
The haunted guitar
A visitor in the snow in April
Its Nice to Have a Hobby (Pt 2)
I'm into rare weapons. I've got some stories. (Part 1)
Maam where is the guy with you? Even if im alone.
Tap, tap, tap part 1 of 2
I bought an antique dresser and now there is sand everywhere. I'm not sure how to proceed.
Culinary Carnival
I'm stuck on an endless train track!
We lost my brother on Halloween and this is how it happened no matter how crazy it sounds...
I witnessed something horrifying at Wendy's.
A Warning About the Man Who Lives in the Dark
Camping with my two young kids in a remote Utah Mountain range
A guide to dreaming: Step One - Falling asleep
Don't Go to Alabama Hills
I can't trust anyone anymore.
It's Not Just A Scary Clown Movie Part 1.
I Found A Desk in The Attic
Words of Wisdom, Part 6
Never go to the Devil’s House (part 1??)
She didn't stop smiling
Những yếu tố làm nên rèm cửa vintage đẹp, sang trọng
they say sleep paralysis is “all in your head” but i think... he is.
Snapped neck
Who called me?
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station
My insane escape from DUI roadblock with an active warrant while high... the moment that changed my life around.
I’ve been kidnapped
DEC BILLY IS NOW IN OFFICE
The Love Beyond
IVE BEN TARGETED FOR GANG STALKING AND ELECTRONIC HARASMENT
Maisie came back, but something is...different. (Part one)
A Change of Routine
The man with big eyes Pt. 1
We found Alien Life that warned us of what was to come
I see a tall man and his dog every night
Drunk Hauntings (2/2)
I'm a Paranormal Investigator for the U.S. Government. My agency is getting annoyed. Part two: Blood Trees
I have an orb in my head. I made it angry, and I want help.
Falling
A Void is Swallowing My Neighbor's House and I Have Picture Proof
We Got Drunk and so Did Our Shadows
What is this?
W0RMFOOD
Diary of sub 0246:
Working to Death
Grandfather's Discovery: Part Three
Strange dreams
Night Watch in a Snow Storm
I Summoned an Angel
Escape From Bedside Manor (Part 8)
Fred’s Back...
Gaslight
So quick little story for you
Creepy phone call!!!!!!!!
I tried to escape from the Psych Lab
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed in the woods while camping. What it said is deeply disturbing. Part 1
lets get this paper
I think a story i wrote got too close to the truth and now i'm being followed.
Creepy black woman at my neighbor house
There's Something in the Lake
Tales From A Lonely Motel
Drink. Drank. Drunk.
I cured my wife (Part I)
I ate butterflies.
The Malevolent Stranger
Small group discord servers?
Being sober for this only made it worse.
Bsmdnskks
I was Hunted by Something Evil in the Forests of California
Buy Facebook Ads Accounts to Boost Your Business on Facebook
I play tug of war with a ghost at midnight
Im glad i have a stalker
You wake up in what looks like a greenhouse.
My friends are missing. They went to a haunted maze last weekend and I think something bad happened to them.
I committed suicide and was later resuscitated.
Gary's Graveyard Games
Clowns have always creeped me out, but I never realized they were a threat to my family. Please don't make the same mistake.
The monster from hell
“The Girl” in my car
I am stuck in my local mall and there is no way to escape
"Meditation may help open doors. Mental and otherwise."~
Who is this MaN?
The Honeymoon
Just you wait(Part 1) I wake at 4:03 to unexplainable things, am I going crazy?
What happened
A Contract To Die For (Part One)
My carpool driver hasn't stopped driving for 24 hours straight now.
528: A Never Ending Cycle
Black Magic.
Don't look through the windows
"Don't worry..."
I called on something I shouldn’t have
I love it here where we get the help we need.
How do I get my brother to stay dead?
Journal entry No. 112
Just had sleep paralysis
If you see this you cool this is the owner of BroMine...
Siren
The Size of a God
Messengers
My encounter with a vampire
34 Degrees Celsius
Paranormal Investigator hospital investigation Pt 1
Why I Stopped Using Dating Apps
Creepy Pedophile Ghost
The Lamp in Grandma's Attic
Never drink tap water
Russian Sleep Experiment
Ponytail Sugadha
The beast form Bodie (Part 1)
My cult is punishing for being pregnant
We found a scroll containing an eye witness account of the Crucifixion. I really hope it is not true
My wife had a miscarriage. It is still after me.
The Weirdest Minutes of my Life
NeuroHaven Log #001
RIP Sweet Natalia Gwenyth Rindler
I overdosed and almost died last night.
I work the graveyard on a college campus. I've seen a few things.
My brother visited me in my dreams
Hey, my friend is stuck in this spooky house, what do I do? (Part 1.)
I brought justice to my murdered wife.
The Conspiracy
The Mean Thing that Lives in the Cellar
Husband suicide and his children
There's a Man in My Head
She awoke in a panic, frantically shining her phone's light throughout her room. If only she shone it at the window. She is so beautiful when she is sleeping.
Cyber Security Expert available !!!
My wife is going crazy! (Part 1)
I managed to get paid in words instead of actual numbers or money
A snowman epidemic befell my town. December 7
I don’t think my family is real.
Ghost in cars mirror. NEED ANSWERS. FAST (WITH PICTURES)
My life was ruined by a single comment...
I was evacuated from my house. I now know why.
Pulled Under
My Friend And I Broke Into An Old House And Found A Brain In A Jar. It Was Still Alive.
I'm a Hitman. I'm Also An Alcoholic.
How My Mother Lost Face During the Homeless Crisis and How I Kept From Losing Mine
May Contest Nominations
I thought my childhood home was normal. Oh how wrong I was...
One Samhain Ago
My circle of friends is going crazy with a new "confessional" app. I never should've joined.
Waiting for someone
I worked in an ordinary bookshop and now I’m stuck there.
I Worked for the Government at an Underground Disease Control Center, We let Something Awful Out
.. Eggs? 000111for 10101000 ... HoW YO7 liK3?
Three years later, I still can't come to grips with the circumstances of my then-girlfriend's death.
It's Too Hot In The Car Repair Shop During The Summer
The Pile of Bloodstained Leaves: A Whydunit Murder Mystery
SEND US YOUR STORIES
What I Do For My Family
Underneath the Bridge Part 2
The Nightmare Connection
I gained access to the American Psychiatric Associations' files and made a horrific discovery.
The Bathtub.
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
Blue House
PREZZ OF THE USSSS OF AAA
Don't Go In The Basement
Chronicles of the midnight delivery driver: Bloody Forest
The Clean Up
Dear Maya...
Don't get snatched at night: Part 5
Angler Fish
I Found a "Message in a Bottle" From a Lost Arctic Expedition (Part Two)
The room in the attic
I think the salesman at the cosmetics store poised me. I liked it.
If You See a Tree with a Face, Run
The Nightmare Shuffle
South Woods
The voices got so much worse, and I'm convinced I've gone insane.
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – The Pripyat Grand Lodge Visit (part 2)
The Hag with Blue Hair and Eyes
I work at a Supposedly Haunted Daycare(Part 1)
I've Drunk The Devil's Booze, Here's What I Can Tell You About It
There are 54 words in the English language that are trying to kill me. And I need your help.
The Birds and the Bees...and the Cicadas
Consequences
I found some audio recordings. This is what I heard. (Working title: Tapes)
The in between
My dad just gave me a soul for my birthday... and I'd rather be rid of it
There's something very wrong with the stray I took in.
Christmas lights in April
The Ishikawa Incident
How My Uncle Lost His Legs
Murder for Hire and Ghost Guns
Tales from a Boston Police officer
My neighbor paid me a lot for just a dog sitting job, I found out why the first day
I work at a gaming cafe and it has a few strange rules #4
I have a black hole for a heart
My name is Sage and I am terrified
I'm never camping again.
I'm not safe here - part 1
Incessance (PDF)
Alexios Rosa, 12 years old, was burnt to death as a witch
Everyone says there are no monsters, I know from experience that they are wrong (part 1)
I was in a death trap made by a teenager. (Part 1) The Keys
The Secret Room Under My Grandma’s Stairs
Sometimes being blind is the same as purposeful ignorance.LISTEN TO YOUR CHILDREN. even the stuff that sounds imaginary.
Creature..
Obtain Dollars Bills online – 100 Notes Bill
I Feel Other People's Experiences: CAN YOU PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE!
I want upvotes
I just watched an episode of Spongebob where they summoned demons and now weird things are happening.
Dream Therapy is a living nightmare.
Us- trigger warning schizophrenia
I'm a farmer in the rural south. Something has taken a liking to my hometown and it's not too friendly.
I used to be a "happy moments" photographer. Recently, my photographs portend terminal illness.
Found The Reddit Mobile User
‘Twas the Seventh Night Before Christmas we dug Two Graves
The Legend of Sickleman
Weird occurrence
I Start a New Job at a Radio Station Tonight. I Just Got a Letter and Inside is a List of Rules…
The Student Council
I Could Feel The Eyes
A trip out west
I found a journal... (update 2)
I think I am being followed
The Barn - Part 2
I bought my son a best friend. Now I wish they never met.
Im stuck in lockdown by the city no one is allowed in and out...
The Way The World Ends (Part Two)
The baby monitor crackled and I froze in place, staring into the screen.
My biggiest nightmare was true
The following statement was found at the house of Detective Peter Francis, after he disappeared
The Old Man and the Flowers
Where yo buy anything
Raventown (2/5)
The school shooting.
Smokey the Bear Tried to Murder My Family
I Was Quarantined at a Chuck E Cheese - Part 2
The Curse that runs through my family.
dental nightmare
The little girl in the canal
Are skinwalkers migrating?
I think I finally figured out what's been killing me the last few years
Awesiaki: 1630 - The Expedition
Here at Ed's Premium Autos The Only Thing Scarier Than Our Interest Rates Is The Demons.
My eldest cannibal cat.
Why crime in my neighborhood is so low
Need advice on legal adoption
Happy Groundhog Day Lake Station Louie!
Do plants have nightmares about intercontinental ballistic missiles?
Sometimes dreams find ways to come true
I’m a park ranger and strange things happen on the Appalachian trails
No empathy here
Snyder's of Hanover Pretzel Pieces, Honey Mustard and Onion, 8 Ounce
A Falling Sensation - Part 1
I think my cat is doing something horrible. (Part two)
MY hentai STORY
Have anyone tell me that wearing a mask can really prevent the virus?
I accidentally invited an interdimensional demon to my house while smoking pot - Part 1
Hehehhee
Something terrible happened to me in 5th grade
I am not a killer (part three)
November 2019 contest nominations
It’s not true
There's a new disease in my home town and it’s growing.
Things Best Left Unsummoned
A clown on my street corner gives balloons to sad children. He taught me something about myself.
The Apartment
I feel a connection to the ocean. Or just water in general. Any explanations?
I experienced something very odd as a child and wanted to sort of revive the moment to ask people what the heck happened lol
Send out prayers/good vibes please
I think there was a demon in the delivery room
The monsyers from my backyard might end the world
Florida woods camping trip
Gozers ik probeer te bestellen op onion aka Darkweb. Maar het f@#$ing lukt niet. Alles geprobeerd dus alles maar ik krijg het niet voor elkaar zowel niet in de onion browser als OS. HELP ik heb sl-pl nodig.
A kid got arrested at my school
the answer man
The Journal Of A Ghost: Introduction
Every time I laugh, something bad happens.
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Good Court Bathroom (Pt. 14)
i travel through the multiverse, I've done it all.
I'm not who I was?
Hall of Mirrors.
The Woman With No Eyes (Part 2)
I grew up in a small, exclusive gated community - PART 2
Every year we go on a couples camping trip to the same place. This year was different...Miss ChitChat
I think I just sold my soul...
Toothless Granny
Be My Jury
I used to be an urban explorer, but the catacombs changed that...
The Thing That Followed My Husband Back From Hell Is Coming For Me Now.
I was the hot chick you followed on Instagram
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Qvwanle Women's Ring Fashion Cute Strawberry Crystal Cat Opening Adjustable Women's Ring Jewelry for Gifts
Graveyard Encounter
I still can’t sleep properly after that night in the woods. (PART 1)
Just forgetful?
Every night at 11:11, they call.
The girls with chalk
Night Writher
Why I Quit Working At The Bowling AlleyThe cat eyed creature kept staring at me at 3 in the night from the dark hallway and my door had a very big hole. I could see it
Are you more scared of paranormal horror or psychological horror?
My Friend Disappeared After I Took His Picture with a Mysterious Polaroid Camera
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple? Part 2.
I love my new job but I don't understand the mandatory popsicles
My first week in University we found the cellar. Now I wish we never did.
I keep seeing it at night. (Part 1)
I am supposed to be dead.
I thought it would be funny to scare myself in the mirror.
Any Stories?
My dog just mutated into some unnatural monster and now I fear for my life.
Jingles My First Self Written Horror Story
https://cutt.ly/SYNAPSE-XT
A car chased me through the desert. What it wanted is somwthing I'll never forget.
Do you know the man that hangs?
My girlfriend came back last night.
I witnessed a murder in my Friend's basement.
How To Kill A Wizard
I had the weirdest sleep paralysis
I’m an ex-Christian, but the thing in the woods is making me reevaluate where I stand in my faith.
My Favorite Things
A few weeks ago I took a lame, blurry video of a UFO. Now I really wish I hadn't.
Routine
I died in while sleeping... I guess.
I will never be alone again.
The Doll
I'm currently home alone and i'm scared
I can see how you die
Its Nice to Have a Hobby
I took a security job at a church, now I'm damned to an infinite cycle of death
I was forced to live as my favorite Youtuber for 20 days, this is what happened
The Fly-By Club
The blizzard of 08
I work for The Corporation. I wish I had never signed that contract. (Part 5)
Tapping and Knocking
I wished for something and now I have trauma.
I used to love hiking.
The Maniac
A couple years ago I went to Mt. Everest. I wish I hadn't.
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but the news won't cover it. Here's where I come in.
Rapunzel let down your rotten hair
I’m staying in a cabin and I think someone broke in.
My run-in with the "Drekavac"
Not really as bad as some of these, but wanna know if there are any similar stories.
Bloody Mary
The Hardest Part
I’m getting sick of all these parties
“My ex wife and I took our kids for pictures with Santa. No one believes us.”
What happened shocks me to this day.
There is talk of a bridal skeleton haunting my village. She wanted me to be her groom
Join FitBud!
I looked out of my window, what I saw is terrifying.
Something Tried to Get Into my Bedroom
Two Cops Get Trapped While Looking To Get A Fix
We met the Father of Lies in a remote forest
Army camp toilets
A Single Headlight
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve got some stories to tell.
Troop 116’s trip to Pine Park
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Fool's Ballad
The pandemic has really been getting to me. I think I’m hearing things—or, really, just one thing. I don’t know what is real anymore.
I stopped for gas on the way home last night and now something is haunting me
I started a cult
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 2)
My Seeing Eye Dog Saved My Life
I started losing chunks of my day to... something or someone and now my life is ruined
The video tapes he sent me were only the beginning.... Vile and evil things.... White noise.... I only know him by one name.... The Television Man (Part 1)
My Partner is a Wendigo. (Part 1)
The Stalker in Your Cupboard
Simulation
It made them all mad
Coins falling with friend
Don't go in the attic (pt 2)
My dog has been talking to me. And what it’s saying doesn’t sound good. (Part two)
If you're alive in 2081, I need you to help me.
I went to dinner at my friend’s. I never returned
My family hunts monsters for living, and I am the family archivist. There are a few things I want to share with you. (Part 3)
The Hanged Man
SkinWalker encounter at my grandparents cabin
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 11: The World As We Know It
Order Up
Marital Issues
A cave in my hometown was said to be haunted, but we found something much worse inside.
He Can't Do Faces (Part 2)
Coronavirus Pandemic| Trapped on a Cruise Ship
I Don’t Think The Ocean Is Meant To Be Explored
My date took me to a coffee shop, now I am in the woods with a smartphone.
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Nien Zum Frieden
I am finding coal all over my house but me and my wife don't have children that are born yet
What can I say? I have good taste in dogs.
I'm a Boston Homicide Detective investigating the most heinous serial killer since The Strangler
How do I make a door in minecraft again?
REDACTED Files: The Mischief House
There is something lurking in the Mariana Trench
Just My Imagination...?
If a Carnival is Opening up Near You, Don’t Go
Thralls of Flesh and Bone
Don’t talk to strangers
BEWARE: Deadly, vintage cake stand – Boston area.
Tonight she chases
Dogtag from WW1
I met my dad for the first time, I wish I hadn't
Flood Warnings
"Stay hydrated, kitten."
What Goes On In My Cat's Head?
I just remembered something creepy from my childhood
An alien parasite is in our town, now the world is doomed (part 1)
I think my mothers side of my family was cursed and my aunt and cousins still are
But, It Was Just a Dream, Right?
The Room to Nowhere
A caution against that thorny, forgotten grove
We're looking for new moderators again!
I am a 40 year old man and my mother is still giving birth to me
Helen and George's House.
May Contest Voting ThreadMy New Medication Changed My Body. (Part 1)
Advice:
I kept hearing bangs on my door. Today I opened the door. PART 1
I'm going back to delivering pizzas
The Eyes Are Always Watching. I Must Find Release. I Must Escape.
A Personal Treachery Against God
My Big room
I’m Not a Stalker
The Following Document Has Been Heavily Encrypted For Your Own Safety
Help me remember a story here
Imaginary friend
There's something in my house!
I Wrote the Rules (Part 1)The Neverglades Mysteries: "Fear No Evil (Part 2)"
Something My Six Year Old Daughter Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Past Three Nights
Want to make $$$ working from home ? Be your own boss!
Looking for a story I heard on Youtube like 2 years ago
My mother had three children. A boy, a girl and the Devil.
Don't Visit Monument Valley Alone
I’m a dream therapist for a company you’ll never hear about.
Voice Outside My House
The Sleep Experiment (Part 3)
YouTube Rabbit Hole
A Quick Bite to Eat
The show must go on.
Watch this video to not sleep today.
The Inheritance Game - What exactly would you be willing to do for $300 million?
JAB-76842-10
My Relationship Is Over
The old man at the grocery store
I keep hearing a car horn coming from inside my house
A Returning Visitor
The Other World
I murdered three people and am looking for two others
The Thing In The Woods
Round Back
My life as... Me
**Important Announcement, Please Read**
it was the same rain
My Hospital Was Used to Test a Bio-Weapon
It wasn't my wife who came home last night
Is it allowed to post writing prompts on this subreddit?
ex agent stories
I have a beautiful friend.
The little girl in the big old barrel.
Culture of despair
I see creatures in my dreams
The Howells keep me up at night
Room 555: The Locksmith is in the House
I'm stuck in my apartment with armed guards keeping me in, and strange creatures roaming the hallway also keeping us in.
Gerald found evidence of extraterrestrial and alien life
Do you really want to know about the future?
Ever Had An Imaginary Friend?
I run away from my 12y.o. copy cat. I am being hunted down!
I had the house all to myself last weekend...only...I was NOT alone.
Oubliette - The time I found a man frozen, alone, in his own private hell.
I just wanted a night of fun
The BUNNY At The End of the Street
Locked In
I willed myself into becoming a vampire. Here's how you can do it too!
The Paddock: A Series | Part # 1 |
My worst nightmare realized while doing Automatic Writing.
My Mother Thinks She's Dead
The Beach Experience
The day I found out we are not alone.
I have heard a ringing sound in my ears for most of my life. Today, I discovered why...
My Friend Gave Me Wrong Directions. It Had Terrifying Consequences.
It all started as an odd smell.
My friends keep making this odd ticking noise, and they won’t stop.
How to deal with a summer fling?
My Nephew's Lookalike
The Path of Misfortune
Welcome to the Halloween Horrors Tattoo Parlor!
I keep having nightmares about my imaginary friend from childhood.
What the hell happened
I work at a Facebook data center and something is going on in our basement.
A black water tower appeared in my backyard overnight, and it's leaking a foul-smelling liquid into the ground...
I Killed a Werewolf and Got Recruited to an Interdimensional War Squad
You ever heard of Setealem?
How I learned to stop worrying and love this fucked up world
L'appel du vide
The nosleep shutdown was to spread coronavirus, and you should follow these rules to stay alive
My Fear was the unknown but now....my fear is the...known
Theres something that ive in the woods
How could I not know..
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave
A warning from an Eklégon.
I Inherited my Mother's Cottage, and now my Life is in Danger
I need it to be cold.
Storm of the Century - Part One
We watched The Children guard the doors to the sky, and we pondered.
A Guy Buys A Real Haunted Doll... and it moves and screams!
I think something might be in my house
Don’t listen to the audience. They are all dead.
The Legend of HJ Hey Zeus
Old Haunted Childhood home
We fucked up
Where’s my dad? Part 1
A new shop came into town. At first it was beautiful, but now I'm fighting for my life.
They Call Me The Reaper
Brother Peter
A trip with "friends" that will forever haunt me
I’m a new employee at a daycare and they have horrible and weird regulations.(Help me)
I'm Home Alone For the 1st Time
story of the bookstore. {part 1}
The Weed I've been smoking this weekend has really been messing with my head.
Blue Moon part 2 - The vicar and the rain
Vicious Vignettes
I think the patients in my coma ward are secretly awake...
Mr Dillingers' Dreams
My "friend"
How to Survive Camping: a place without shadows
I'm an elevator repairman. Rule #8 - Don't jump in the elevator
An ancient robot works on our family farm. We don't know where he came from, but our Grandpa made us promise to keep him a secret.
There Is Something Strange About My Cousin Royce (part four)
Missing Girl.
Why I'll Never Teach My Kids About Angels
I killed my best friend and did it out of love
NeoNERV: Traveling Particle by Particle
I Grew Up in a Town Called Whispering Hills
OOO OO AA AA (I saw human)
I think my friends old house is haunted
How much time do you need
Ronald McDonald's basement
We All Used to Love to See Our Coworker Cry
There’s a hole in my childhood, and I don’t know why... p3
He Won't Leave Us Alone
The ghost
I need to get this off my chest. I left a little girl to die, and I might do it again.
The Man In Black
Time out of my Mind
Trying to find a story I read on here a while back? Any help?
Hey I’m so sorry this isn’t a story but I have a question about this subreddit.
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: Closing the Door
NotAVirus.jpg
NoSleep Story
They Stripped us of Our Shoes
Accident that my mom avoided
I'm the only one who knows
this is my true scary story.
42 years ago we sent Voyager 1 into space to look for extraterrestrial life, today we found it.
Big solutions for small towns.
From an unknown source
Fiction.
The house of my childhood
Dead Media
This is a suicide note
The Spaceship Boeing-X97u5 Has Been Missing For Around a Decade Today They Contacted Us.
Breathtaking discovery
The Black Wedding
How I Made the Mask
I came to investigate my friends house to see if she is there. She has not been seen for 2 weeks.
The weeping.
My Sleep Paralysis Demon (True Story)
Disturbing hospital files (Part 1)
I Received an Invitation to the Worst Christmas Ball
What you need.
Reclaimed.
The Floating Woman
The “infected” machine (Part 1)
hello people of the internet.
I am the most popular in my school and I’ll tell you what it’s like
The things in the dark (Part 1)
The Demon In The Snow
Stuck In a Dream
I had been sick for weeks, filled with many sleepless nights.
Mission log of the Interlink Project, humanities first interstellar voyage
I am writing a horror novel placed in Eastern Europe during communism, and I would love to hear some thoughts and ideas!!
I'm On The Run (Part 1)
The Truth’s behind all the bullshit in Industrial Society THE GOOD GUYS WON
I see strange things.
The birds weren't singing.
End of the World.
I entered a contest to survive alone in the woods for one month. I discovered I may not be alone...
I have seen some weird stuff working for UPS, but this is the icing on the cake
The coast isn't safe (Part 3)
Mr. Scissors
The Man on the Swing
Don't Buy Overwatch
My computer just spoke
I’ll be dead in the next hour if no one finds me
I'm Lily Madwhip and I Might Have Doomed Us All
To The New Homeowners
ATTENTION: Chief of Police Needs Your Help.I am used to late night visitors, but I am currently not taking them. Apparently, that's not enough
Welcome to Nowhereland
And they all went missing:
Do not Revisit Childhood memories.
Even though it may seem irrational... I am afraid to sleep uncovered! I think that one particular occurrence would explain my fear better.
My wife wears a strange medallion. It seems hungrier than usual.
The Clown
We stopped hanging out after that..
Have you ever had a dream where a relative / family member tries to harm you?
10 years ago we heard someone die and now it's happened again.
My job at Leichenberg Manor, a really haunted house
An interview with God
My name is Soldier 15. Part two
A Single Marble
My mutant cat
The Universe Man
THERE’S A KID IN MY HOMETOWN THAT WENT MISSING, BUT NO ONE REMEMBERS HIM
He’d pull on my toes
Hockey stick
I’ll never work at Sonic again
Radio Silence
It follows,and it kills.
Many little children have gone missing in my town. Part 1
I can’t go back to my childhood home
My friend and I broke into an abandoned house. What we saw inside haunts me till this day.
Ending Soon Check it out
The Door From Hell?
We’ve Explored an ancient Reality, and I’m pretty sure that the deer is actually a God
Did I mess up? My wife's mad at me over hotdogs.
Lady in white.
I Need To Share What Happened Last Night Taking Pictures in Nebraska
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to videocall me, and I think I may have to accept my death
Is Nosleep dead?
I was almost kidnapped as a sex object by a sugar daddy
WASHINGTON CAROUSEL / The Most Inexplicable UFO Case
I never told another lie after my trip to Lithuania
It's worse than I thought
Documents Found Near the Crash Site of Bus 9
Help
Awakening part 2
The abandond car
Sleepfall 1
I have a monster in my pants.
I was typing a scary story one night. then something scarier happened
School Lockdown
I have a different kind of insomnia.
I am a Therapist to the Supernatural - Mother of Hell
There's a weird smell coming from my basement and my neighbors are creeping me out
Who was talking to my son?
I can't remember places
I found something weird in my dad's office and I have so many questions to ask him.
I Found Something Hidden On An Old Wii Game: The Many Updates
Now I Believe What She Said
Stranger lived with us and disappeared without us knowing anything about her.
Winter Kingdom Part I
I've been on this Math class for far too long.
HMT RECRUITMENT
Close your eyes
Scarecrow
SHE. JUST. KEPT. PUSHING.
The Curse of Silence
The Viewed Room
The hunter
I see ghosts and need help to make this a full story
Don’t drift to sleep at 01:33!
Our Super Soldier Program has gone Horribly Awry
The Infinite Toys R Us
Real story
It just gets worse from here. Part 1
there's something terrifying under my bed
My mother runs a B&amp;B where the Fair Folk come to throw terrifying parties on Midsummer Night
This Day Keeps Getting Worse!
Nightmares: A gloomy night
My creepy villa in Denmark
My mother always told me to never let my hair down the drain when I shower
Silly Milly
Her name started with J
I met him at the abandoned church 3
Jadwiga's House - Amal the mathematician (Part 3)
A notice.
If ever you need me I’ll be there
Mission
Weird light outside my window
The Book of The Damned
Im in a battle royale against myself for the fate of my world.
I miss not having dreams (Pt. 2)
If you play roblox and you want robux go to this website called rbxadder
My Room Smells Like Bubblegum
Monsters, Ghosts, and Spirits of the dead - Narrative Poetry
Henry sends out the best type of invitations
The prison I’m in is a front for something far, far worse
The cured necklace
La Pölilla Vøladôra
Strange dream, or something much worse?
The Game of Doors
I opened up a door.
If you see a haunted house that you’ve never seen don’t go inside. You don’t know what you’ll find.
My Sister Disappeared Three Years Ago. The Culprit Wasn't Human.
My Friend Had A Horrible Idea
Daddy
Pure circumstance
Lack of attention to detail in |roleplay| has always bothered me. This girl’s videos are IMPECCABLE. |intentional| |female|
A new beginning-follow along
My 10 months Journey as Indie Maker and How I sold my first project for $23k
Words to a Librarian (Part 6)
I had the same dream twice... and I remember both times so well
Toy kitty
A man in my backyard
A charred rocking chair
John Greenback
Strong language
Muffin man
Welcome to the Show
The bags keep coming, I can’t lift them. If this continues I'm not sure how I will be able to get out of my door
What I Inherited
My work is getting weirder
Why I Quit My Job As A Construction Worker
My Cat Has Been Acting Strange
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals (ADMIN RECOVERY ATTEMPT 001)
He just keeps watching me
The New "Roommate"
He died. It wasn’t an accident.
A tale from under your bed
What lurks in the mist. (first story don't be harsh)
They Look Like People
I saw something outside my door.
Everybody is LyingMy Unusual Tornado Survival Story
I work at the most dangerous zoo on Earth. God help us if one of the creatures we house here escape. Unfortunately that’s exactly what happened
Stories from a line cook chapter 1 finale
“mass mental health breakdowns” they said
I've met this random guy in Facebook years ago, but returned and almost put my life in danger
My daughter has stopped sleeping.
My boss just lost a big election. I'm terrified of what comes next.
She Must Have Never Seen the Light of the Sun
I found a hole in my basement. And im curious
I've been a military widower for 20 years and I'm afraid my son's wife is about to reach the same fate.
Statues are appearing in my town and people are going missing
I think my boss is watching me
Creepy video appeared on my phone after taking a picture
The camping trip
My solo camping trip in Belgium did not go as planned...
My wife and I went on a cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive. Part Two
Reflected.
What Lies Below
What did my mom see?
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Part 1
My dopey stepdad joined the cult of The Hundred Eyed GodThe House
HELP REAL SERIAL KILLER FOUND!!!
I HAVE A REAR GENETIC DISODER CALLED ALPHA-1
I got locked in school - part 1
My son Went missing few days back. Today I found his diary. (Part 1)
I attended a stranger's wedding ceremony. It was the worst decision I ever made.
Girl problems.
Confusion and kindness.
He Stopped Using It and I've Never Been So Afraid
The Crackling Man
I have been living in this village for 4 years, outside it things are different
The Nightmare.
I found a hole in the woods.
The Inheritance Game - This is what someone would be willing to do for $300 million.
A nightmare maybe
What.....the Hell (Part 2)
The White Ribbon Sen Me Away...
If you go to the Lakewood Hotel, never go into the darkness
Scary Little Girl in front of my bed
Journal of A Schizophrenic
The past sometimes comeback, sometimes it stays to hunt in a different shape
Published a Horror Novella on Amazon
The expedition of the shot
No one listened to my warnings about the track and field coach until it was too late.
There’s an urban legend in London about a cursed karaoke song … I think it might be real  Final
I discovered I'm a Pixie.
The Jazz Band Killer
The black widow hotel grants you one wish. Even if you don't ask for it. PART 2
The Dot that Moved Across my Wall
I Trust Him
Life After Death
Reddit Revoloution
Today is Yesterday
The Man in the Top Hat
The Silent Age
The Pear Garden’s Underground Palace 梨園の地下宮殿
I stopped going into the woods for two years.
The Cursed Soul Pt1
The Dory, Carn. A Ships Tale.
I’m a missing child. But the police aren’t the only ones looking for me.
I Found A Book In My Friend's Attic
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened — Yet...
I'm the reason this house is haunted.
The Dead Boy in the Closet
My dog has been barking at nothing on our nightly walks; Last night I saw something.
Two Psychopaths in Love (part 2)
The Anomaly
I met Death in a dream
Blue Boogeyman Diaries
The man with the golden ring and the red bracelet(part2)
The Woman In White
Sees
There was a cursed basketball at my middle school.
My Dog Knows Something About My Family That I Don't (Part 2)
Every Night
If you see a weird Walmart in Gilbert, AZ, plz do not stop by. Part 1
Mr. Everywhere
In desperate need of help regarding Xyrem.
Oh little Blakey, we miss you
am I really an angel, father kinji?
My Uncle is Obsessed
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" (4)
Call Me Birdy Chapter 2: Stolen Innocence.
Blood
Trichotillomania
You've received a series of letters informing you an old friend has passed. It seems poor Henry is not the only one dead. letters 1-3
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors...
"Shadow" Being In My Room; What Do I Do?
We tour the country playing the devil's music. Last week he finally showed up.
02096
There’s Something Living Under the City
Truth of the Gods
I joined a team of supernatural enthusiasts, it's not what I expected
My brother had been hiding things from us
Room 521
I am from another universe
Something beckoned me to follow...
I met a man with hands of stone.
My Sister Went Missing Over Three Years Ago. Now I’ve Been Getting Weird Letters From Her - FINAL UPDATE. I hear it, too.
I taught my dog the “sit trick,” and now she’s sitting more frequently than she’s told to—because of something OR SOMEONE—I can’t see.
Never fall for a girl
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?- final update
My Experience with a Skinwalker In the Pecos Wilderness, New Mexico
The Cat Brings Me Pieces Of My Daughter
are black eyed children real
My dreams have been getting increasingly violent and, on top of my habit of sleep walking, things have only gotten worse.
I am a businessman quietly pursuing the spirit trade. It's a dangerous job and a few of my employees have died.
OMG I SAW THE GLOBGLOGABGALAB
The Immortality Experiment
The Third Vault
my neighbours have started to act strangely, I think one of them is missing an ear. part 2
Mr. Bertram's Emporium
There’s Something Living in the Cemetery
We explore a crazy creepy factory!!!
the haunted
I know that it might sound batshit crazy, but during a blackout at work, a coworker and I experienced something majorly bizarre...
Ghul: An Introduction to American Djinn
Vengeance.
Never Trust a Cat
The God of Addicts
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - The Final Part
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" ( 1)
I don't think I'm ever going back to Kossie even though it's kind of the only snow in Australia
There’s a Humming Sound in My Room
Take One
The Appalachian Trail
Missing Hikers Lost in the Rain
The Neighborhood from Hell
Music Box
My House
The day the sun fell.
Never EVER playing Samara´s Sleepover Game!
Kye's dad harvested my best friends organs and now he's forcing me to play hide and seek with his disabled son
I Told a Joke, and Nobody Laughed
There is a beast that guards the dream realm.
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I can’t remember my name and something is hunting me in the dark. (Part 1)
Με παρακουλουθαν !!!!
What...the Hell (Part 2)
The recordings from within the woodlands, part 4.
The Wasteland Grates
Looking For Vampires
I work at a psychiatric hospital, and I've had some weird experiences
I work the night shift at the shitty hotel in my nowhere town
The Last Time I Ever Went Surfing
When writing a story, how do you make the reader sympathize with a flawed character?
I forgot to take the chicken out of the freezer
If you find a seven foot capsule call this number... Your life may depend on it.
A Collection of Reccuring Dreams - Part One - 'The Fishing Hole"
Knock Knock Knock
I found a mask made of flesh in my grandpa’s attic. I put it on, and now I’ve become the Fourth Horseman of the Apocalypse.
My friends and i tried to save some animals from being used as test subjects and now I'm scared I've released something horrible. (Part 2)
THIS IS A TEST - PART II
The Day That God Wept
This night has changed my view on life 1 (I'm working on part 2)
I bought an old mansion and the previous owner left me a book containing rules i needed to follow (P-1)
Im a reaper, and for the first time, someone really did cheat death
The bobbing head of a black cat
The Abbey Doorway
It Has 8 Legs And 6 Eyes
A Petition to Re-establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories- V- FINAL
:::emeraldelerium:::
My friend won't stop singing demonic Christmas music
Victoria (Part 1)
"Time to wake up Danny, before you forget how" My used-to-be friends creepy dream he had a few years back.
I commented on a dead woman’s Facebook live and she responded
My Father isn’t who I think he is.
Mysteries of the unexplained #1
There's A Deadly Virus And I Can't Leave My House
I clean the homes of dead hoarders. The last place was filled with a lot more than just trash.
Scary Story to tell at bathtime
A strange occurrence in the woods
I can't wake up
W
My grandma used to tell me scary stories when I was little. There’s one I only just remembered.
I saw something outside that almost killed me (part 2)
living the supernatural; my sixth sense
Christmas Eve Night 4065
Please help, I was reading a story an now I cant find it. I dont remember the name an I really wanna finish it. Help
A Diary I Found In The Middle Of A Street Part 1
You be gayYou be gay
-REDDIT USER FOUND-
The House In The Shadows
Thanksgiving Special: Carvin’ Marvin’s Marvelous Meat Emporium
If you see a man selling ice-cream in the middle of the night...
Incoherence
Hole in the wall (this is my first story please tell me what you think)ps I know it's bad
Lumpy Mattress
ali cu cafe
Southern Visitation
The Eye and The Other Eye
237: A Night on Crowd Road - Part 2
Ceresco, Nebraska (Part 2)
Sleepless pain
My paranoia diary!
A small town auction
Someday, we'll be happy
Childhood Memories
Posted this in /r/askreddit thread, figured you folks might enjoy
So I bought an old car today, there was a letter hidden in the sun visor.
My Halloween VR Experience
I saw some shadows outside, now I can’t get out of the house. Part 1
scarey
When I was a little girl I had a phantom arm -- along with two real ones.
My first time posting on reddit lol
Weird Things Happen In Our Town and I Don't Know Why pt 1
It has been sixteen days since the lights flickered
Guess the foot steps game
Children of the Black Lotus
An app called Best Fruits gave me more than good food
The memroirs of Heinrich Graf p.2
Evidence log one: A wolf in sheep's clothing (Part 1)
Happy Couple Farm
The Turbulence Ritual
I barely survived the winter solstice, but the end of the world is coming - and it’s all my fault.
Message request
Having a hard time with a recurring dream
I Found An Old Diary. And Everything in it Comes True . . .
I'm playing the worlds worst game of hide-and-seek
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown
I was hired to be a night shift security guard at a hotel and the manager is hiding something evil.
Within the Walls (Part One)
THE GOOD NEIGHBOUR
Lockdown Chapter 2
Our House
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out.
Room 1515: The Search for an Inception.
Our neighbors have some rules
The Poem
Not Fade Away, or, That One Small Town in America Where The People Are Dying to Leave
I have seen the blue moon so you don't have too
Agents R.A.I.N.B.O.W
An Interesting World
My dead sister came to visit me last night
Someone offered me a pill that compresses all the pain I’ll ever experience into one second.
I thought she was just paranoid.
the thing in my room
Last Night Wasn’t a Typical Walk
I think I might've had it. The CV.
Something keeps Walking Outside my Cabin at Night (part 1)
How to summon Santa Claus
A little girl came after me and I never looked back...
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's (Final part)
Dinner and Drinks With My Executioner
What is the best endurance exercise?
All The Urban Legends About Me Are Wrong
So I went through my sisters phone...
The toy lady
My group fitness trainer’s stretching routine
Stuck in a time time loop
Every night I see a star explode. I think the end is near.
I got stuck in a Chuck E Cheeses
The Apartment In Paradai Towers
AITA: Is it my fault my brother is missing?
I kept waking up at 3 A.M.
Humanity's Final Chapter
Hallucinations Can't Burn Your House Down
Short quick story. I didn’t believe In ghost until I moved in my first Apt
I am trapped in a world created by my own mental illness.
My carpool driver drove for 24 hours straight before stopping. We're not alone anymore.
It's Not Really a Pumpkin Patch
I'm Sorry Mama
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. The employees here sleep in the backroom.
Ben
This is why Mimes are much more terrifying than Clowns.
Warning! Be aware of what happens on the date March 2nd, 2020.
I've been embracing my inner darkness and repressed feelings lately... There's quite a bit more of darkness than I realized.
Break in-
Call it what you will: fate, divine gifting, destiny. Take your pick. I don’t give a damn what it is. I just want it gone.
STAY AWAY from the off-brand boner pills at the convenience store!
I have been tracking a bounty hunter ever since 2016
My first time
Have you ever encountered the shadow people?
Travelers guide to the Multiverse
My Mom keeps Knocking On My Door.
I grew up in a small, exclusive gated community - PART 3
The Ghostly Husband
Serious Feedback about my situation would help! It’s 100% true. I just didn’t know where to post and this is my first post. Thank you
The Day I Came Back Home
I woke up in a yellow forest (Part 1)
My wired room mate
I’ve lost many a nights proper sleep by worrying deeply, and I’ve officially just destroyed all my internal demons.
Unfortunate Google Search
Why people dying of hypothermia seek enclosed spaces
My High School Bully Got Hacked
Her voice led me to my demise. (part 1)I'm beginning to understand his sick mind
Diary of a frozen man.
I think that there is a ghost in my house...?
History as foretold
I 'd like a Rose Beer..
“Mohini” - Part 2
a few thoughts, concerning the state of things and everything in them
Do you wish to open?
The Titty Bar Murders Intro
I am Very Real. *FULL STORY*
What is Matramus? NSFW
Don't Play The Hangman Game (Part 4)
the resone some pepole dont like me...is im a good person and there not
One of my teachers is trying to kill me
I saw my family's doppelganger in my dreams.
Some things are better left to nightmares
I babysat my niece last night. Her favorite toy made sure I regretted it.
The Old Sycamore
a real life horror story about experiences living in the "hood"
If You Ever Hear a Raven Talk, It's Probably Already Too Late For You
I Think my Nightmares are Becoming Reality
In the name of God
My experience with The Backrooms
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...I don't feel too well
My friend thought there was something in the woods.
My sister was convinced The Whispering Man was real, I didn't believe her until she vanished and now he's after me.
I recently found a journal and it's contents terrified me.
I Found a Stranger In a Bridge
Don't Play The Hangman Game (Part 2)
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - You’ve won an all expenses paid vacation!The Weird Feeling
PSA: Don't forget your phone when you're in the forest
The thing I found while I was young...
Billy took my mom's stuff...https://youtu.be/aU5822d12-0
The gray
My Hot Pocket told me how the world would end and how I was the only one who could save it
Something CHASED me on the way back to my apartment! Part two? Hahaha
I wish I didn't get so mad sometimes
"Its 40* f and raining".Those were the last words I said to my dad as he pushed me out the door im half naked.I dont think ill make it
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 6)
I Opened My Own Store Called Xeno, Someone Needs To Send Help NOW!
Let this be a testament to how fragile our civilization is, and how puny we are in the grand scheme of things. Goodbye Reddit.
When your notepad app gets a mind of it's own....run.
I'm Burdened with saving the world from a Pandemic /Part 2
The shadow rider. (Star stable legend)
I’m a contestant on a new baking show. Today we’re making Baked Susan. (Part 3)
When dreams come true
If you're reading this... destroy all your mirrors. Now.
There's something in my daughter's room
It just happened to me 1 clap
Uncle Ricky sends everyone a gift on their 22nd birthday. Mine wasn't really what I expected
Do you guys get jerks when trying to fall asleep? It’s super annoying but more annoying thing is something else I get a jolt of adrenaline with it.
Erik The Lephixian: Part 1 (Eradication of the Lephixians)
THE SKINWALKERS
I Run a Butcher Shop
mood
My family warned me about that field near the farm, little did I know what dark powers it really held | Part 1
Something left my apartment but never ENTERED!!!
Why you fear the darkness?
The drowning man
Readers and Writers Book Club
The house in the woods Part 1
Are you kidding me? This can’t be happening. Infinite jackets? Huh?
Excerpts from my memoirs
Some Employees don’t make it past Training at the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
I was a tunnel rat in the Vietnam War.
The Riverbank Boy killed my brother. I swear it wasn't me.
The Corpse and the Fool
I'm stuck in an Uber with a strange man...
Baby Momma
How I escaped the facility of a sadistic mastermind.
I'm too scared to walk my dog at night now
Mom&amp;Daughter
Why you shouldn’t sneak into movie theaters.
Our House Is Keeping Us Alive (final part)
Pro Bowl Weekend Practice Interviews Full Transcript
Never go hiking alone
I think my dad is hiding something
The Unseen Monsters
I Explored an Abandoned Indoor Jungle Gym, Something Lurks There
From your secret admirer
There can only be one favourite
I live in New York, but I don't want to anymore, because IT followed me here
My worst backrooms experience
HappyTails
Tina hates it
The Card Game, the scariest moment of my life!
There's something wrong with my reflection
Uprising
To the dog lovers in reddit, how did you know that your dog is the one?
Type in "It's so fucking funny" on youtube
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 5)
Into The Woods
What the Aliens did to my Mother
This happened almost twenty years ago. Most nights, I still hear someone opening the door just before I fall asleep. I still wake up to a horrid stench and to the sound of insects skittering around me, lingering for a few seconds before fading away.
Mulch Man
I'm in need of desperate help! Please, if what my father said is true, I don't have much time left.
I Still Remember You On The 9th Anniversary
Animals keep disappearing into thin air, and I’m terrified of what’s causing it
I live in a small mountain town (part 5) (finale)
If You're a Lucid Dreamer, Avoid Mirrors at All Costs
Progress report: Has anyone here tried intermittent fasting? – M 344-90
TOP 10 Best Diet Pills for Weight Loss – Reviews
Cursed Town
I saw something in the woods of Jersey
Don't disturb
I learned following the rules is important. It's about time others did too
This Was Not a Normal Case of The Flu
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum”
Never go to Dinko's Dino Diner.
The day the siren rang.
The First World War and it's Dark Secret - My Great Grandfather's Diary
This is a real creature encounter
I Sent Them There to Die, and They Brought Me Along (Pt. 2)
It Called To Me, Part One
Doll Eyes
The Crescent Moon Mystery
I Love the Water
I work security at Disney World... well, I mean I did.
The Mollusk Man
I am pregnant and my baby is eating me up from the inside
I'm a Nosleep Mod and I Will Never Escape
Forgetful
My Flies
I don't want to go back to work
The Scratchers
A friend of mine died yesterday... Today he is walking around in the mist. It Gets Weirder (Part 2)
Someone is pretending to be my sister
I Live At The North Pole(Part 12)
The deer man
I was a Police Officer Investigating missing person in the woods and it was the worst case of my career
A year in 30 minutes
The Photo Translator I Invented Sees Things It Shouldn't
Welcome To Willowgrave’s Lake (PART 1)
Hide under your blanket
Truth Eater, First Truth, The Door is Open and the Water is Fiyne
The Screaming Shadow (part 2)
Throwing out the garbage
My Horoscope Has Been Making Me Uneasy.
There are 6 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. If we let it, Greed will consume us all.
The Bus Stop
Looking for some stories
My Daddy's Workshop - End of Journal
Seeing
Haunted
The beast in the frost (Part 1)
Tarot cards read here
Everyone is going to get Coronavirus.
A study on purgatory
Demonic Birds in the Sky (Part 2)
I got a soul in a jar for my birthday part 1
What the Happiest Dreams are Made Of
My Repeating Story...
One attribute as a theoretical weapon against all your problems?
Just Fucking Ban me
There's a parasite in my head and I can't get it out
If you see this demon CALL ME SO I KNOW HE ISNT THE ONLY ONE
I Am Pretty Sure That I Am Immortal.....(Part One)
Sincerely the man who killed the world
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 7)
I was taken to a party, the guests were my dead relatives.
I investigate the link between monsters and missing people. The trees are a death trap.
God's Deputy
Don’t face mirrors towards your bed
Icodve
I watched an unlisted TED Talk. Now people are coming for me.
Afternoon run
I think I'm being stalked...
A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 4 - Final)
This is mental abuse
I peered into the nothingness, and it peered back.
We All Crumble
The Other Half
Two shadow men are in my room.
Camping with family turns to a scary Skin-walker sighting
Please help He's here and he won't leave
MY DREAM HAPPENED IN REAL LIFE??
I Could Hear My Own Heartbeat
Tickle Tom’s Toyland
Today, we got a letter from the South Pole
1996 Edward road mystery
My brother was my best friend. I finally told my parents why I killed him.
Older boys wanted to sacrifice me to the Being in the Alley
The Elevator . . . except they weren't really teeth. They were more like needles made from glass.
Dognapper
The window knocker
Heroes
There’s a hole in my childhood, and I don’t know why... p2
My wife had a miscarriage. It is still after me
The Lost Hiker of Atlas Hills
My coworker just learned a dark reality about the hotel we work at
My Diabolical Self | Part 1 &amp; 2
Mistakes
Attachment
TXkgQ29uZmVzc2lvbg==
8.My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Breaking Into Heaven.
The Cookie Jar
Disney after dark:: we're hiring!
I found a Twitter profile form the ghost of a MINION
Did you hear that?
Strange strangers.
Tricks of the desperate (Part 9)
Looking for a story
The Pumpkin Tax
I was trying to stop the zombie apocalypse, not start it
I think I need to quit my job. (Part 2 of 2)
For a short interactive scare... Choose Your Own Adventure: Alone In The Dark
The Last Bittallion
This is why you don't camp in your backyard
The Rite
I met the demon under by bed... I ended up with a deal with the devil
Let's Be Friends
Lost and never found
Cinnamon Rolls
Every wondered who created those rules you adhere to.
What is the spear of the non- believer
My Friends All Died in an Abandoned Mall
The Manor of Tobias Xavi, First Interview
Toe Head's Painful Toe
The Delivery
A cry for help
Around Here
The Paintings In My House Are Showing Me Death Omens
I've met two serial killers and found out another was close to me in 1998
An interview with Ted the Caver, the very originator of creepy pasta and eventually nosleep
My dreams last multiple nights
Anthony Gretcher
I found something on the Dark Web that changed my life forever
Solace in the darkness.
The Place That Haunts You
You always loved spending time with your older brother
The universally acclaimed time travel film, ‘Back To The Future’ may contain subliminal warnings for the September Eleventh Terrorist Attacks.
Dear Humanity, this is why the world ended
I'm just eating cheese
Suffering Therapy Session
In the Winter of 2017, all of our I’s became “We”.
Don’t Sleep, Won’t Sleep - They’ll Come for You Too
My trip to the Zoo
With A Strong Hand and an Outstretched Arm
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 9)
The Lost Haunted Mansion Boat Ride - Creepypasta
i visited my best freind after 5 years..something made her a lunatic.
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything (Part 3)
(Part 6) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. Questions have answers.
An American Neckbeard in Tokyo
The Grandfather
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters
I bought a storage locker that contains a doorway to Hell. I know where The Three Princes are and I'm going to get them.
HAUNTED PLACES IN INDIA
Trigger
I don't have much time left
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: When I was Ten
I saw myself yesterday, and now I think I'm my dead aunt.
I found this strange channel on youtube?
The Screams Won't Stop
My Obsession
Desk Jockey
If you’re in the path of severe weather today I think you should hear what happened last night. Video included.
I could predict the future?
The Devil Lives In Dial-Up.
Please don't enter this Arizona ghost town...
Groundhog Blues
"Hey, we should check the basement" is never a phrase I want to hear again.
The Most Important Meal
My 7 year old son just killed our dog
Late Night Visitor
I found a weird note in the bathroom of the Airbnb I’m staying at
Tick Tock Mr.Clock
A new friend
2 TRUE creepy Stories
There's Something Wrong with My Friend
Inner monologues of a psychopath
A man named Richard
It was following me home.
The Market Of Silence
Help me find my son, the Eel Boy
The God at My Window
The 3:15
Walk of life
NeuroHaven Log #002 - BeingAI Malfunction
the box.
I Went to a Hospital in The Sticks During The Pandemic
3:33 notifications I guess
Don’t be tricked by Devil’s Doorman
Hey guys did you know that Amazon also delivered happy thoughts and happy emotions?
The unveiling (Part 4)
If you find The Crimson Carnival, don't stay past sunrise.
I’ve stumbled on something I can’t forget and I’m losing control
My Local Mom Group
Something isn't right in my neighborhood..
A sketchy chat app has been rising in popularity, and I found out why. (Part 3)
A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 1)
Something Followed My Dog Inside
The clover cloak gives its user luck, but inspires the worst in people. Even my own relatives turned against me.
Day 1 the backstory
I have been dead for 145 years
My aunt's house is haunted by her spirit
Security guards journal 1of? (Template posting for feedback before continuing)
Room 776 The Unexpected Getaway
‘Twas the Eighth Night Before Christmas All was Bright
Mori
I have a weird friend who I don't want to see anymore. Here's why....
I Used to go Bar-Hopping... Until I Found the Crimson Cabaret
My grandfather shot a cat in the middle of the night. Ten years later, I found out why.
Lilith, where did you go? Come back, please, I miss you.
My dog came with a set of rules...with very specific rules...-part 1
My Grandmother's Secret (Part Three) Finale
I Thought That Discovering Aliens was the Future of Humanity, but I was Wrong
"Don't break the rules." I broke the first one!!
Camp Bucca
The Woman In The Woods. (PART 1)
The origin
Between the hours of 10pm - 1am DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE
I work at “De officiis inanibus” Part 1 The meeting
Jake Blackheart, part two
I’m trapped in the body of a cat and I’m also stuck in Minecraft. Yes, you read that right.
I used to work for a logging company
I've received and e-mail and I don't know what to do.
Her love is what kept him alive.
305 days have passed since the outbreak, and I'm all alone.
Chief's Special
The Case of the Missing MedField Patient (PART 1)
Something crawled in my ear. Now it’s talking to me.
The girl in the white gown
The Knight of Silence
The Wailing
looking for a story
This isn't a Zombie Apocalypse, but I wish that it was
My family is slowly getting replaced. Help me.
My fiance never liked taking photos with me.
I'm the Dark
Puppets
I met a being made of evil
I got a very weird fetish and for the first time in my life i did something just for it
The Forbidden Files~ D1/E3
Der Zerstörer
What I didn't see
I was a private detective in the 70's. This case ruined my life. PART 2
The rules of writing a story.
And the Gorillas Went Apeshit
Someone kept calling, and it was ‘me’
I went on a strange Uber ride and almost got killed.
I just saw someone die and it wasn't the first time.
Walking Sam
The Television of Babel
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. (Part 3)
I was locked since I was a child, there are creatures that want me dead.
INSIDE
Let's have a child.
Twelve mysterious and identical stores open on my street. What could be happening?
Dog Murderer
There is something living in the woods by my house, I just found out what it is
Hotel Lakeview Crescent 🌙 Pt 2
Between the Boxes - Sour Grapes
Shadows In The Mirror
Observations of an Agoraphobic: I will never order from Mr. Moloch's Takeout again.
High doses of Ketamine can lead to derealisation and ego death.
I broke my phone and found a cockroach.
House of Shadows
THE Y ARE EVERYBODY
Second subreddit I’ve posted this to, I need help, I feel unsafe and this thing is messing with me
My secret obsession
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else Knows... Help Me (Part 1)
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon Wildfires
Girl freaked me TF out when I met her, and I haven't seen her since.
The Inexplicable Road (Pt. 1)
A narrator didn’t ask permission to use my story, I bet he wished he had.
I don't smoke
A figure I keep seeing outside my window
I was Attacked And Almost Killed By My Chair
Blind Date
When Did I Fall, Why Am I Awaking
I think there is something wrong with my dog.
Into the woods
Grad Party - With A Visitor
Aspen
I’m a professional dimensional dispatcher. My ex-partner is trying to kill me
I got invited to a new theme park. If only I didn’t.
Dead person appeared to me in the early morning hours, before anyone knew he was dead
Runaway
The bully
I have been driving in this tunnel for hours, with no end in sight.
Among
I can’t explain the letters
I have unleashed a monster in this town. I am sorry 😭
There is Something Wrong With The Pool
The Spiders Follow Me Everywhere
I can’t sleep at night, ever again
The Devil Didn’t Do It.
A zombie apocalypse tale
The Incident That Made Me Paranoid For Years
To My Old 4th Grade Classmates in Mrs. Barther’s Biology Class. Burn the Letters.
GAME OF LIFE
He won't stop crying.
I bought a new house, and since the first time, i slept in, i can't sleep.
The Red-Eye Flight
blank soup room explained (look at comments to this post for explanation
I love hiking in the PNW
I'm typing this inside of my 8 foot long python
A smiling nightmare. (Short)
my final and only letter to my family,this is my final words
The faces are tormenting me
In the Middle of the Woods
Pig Transformation
An old classmate of mine and I repaired a machine
My Parents Date.
I work in a restaurant for cannibals; but I'm the only human employee.
A Christmas present
Hoia Baciu Forest
Paranoia
Quem sou eu? Onde estou?
The daily coincidences are piling up and its getting scary.
One of the Scariest Calls I’ve Ever Been On... Or So I Thought
My NightmaresI'm an angel, and I think I have a problem...
I'm a Certified Exorcist who is also available via Skype,I may have a problem.
Life changing experience in the mountains.
Ghost was next to me in bed
I know why Newborns Cry.
Wandering through the graveyard it felt like something was watching me. A shrill cry echoed in the mist
The Trees in My Town Have Bodies in Them.
There was an alien like man at my house
I Got Sick After I Stopped Working At The Hospital
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. “Thomas” isn’t harmless anymore.
I Think My Son Has An Imaginary Friend. The Talking Coming From His Room At Night Is Starting To Really Scare Me.
I Was Raised in a Cult
I think a ghost living in my vents warned me of something and I'm scared it may be soon
I was displaced from my home.
I'm a contract killer for The Big Man Down There. This is the story of my first kill.
The thoughts of the restless mental state
An interesting flair
I just have to have her. (Part 1)
The Years before - Jake Crocco
I could have sworn it was a sideroad
Area 51
A Visitors Guide to Tate National Park
Something going on in my town and I don’t like it
Would appreciate it if you could send tips to me
I'm Not Sure If I Should Be Worrying About the Door in My Living Room
Willing Prey
I Found A Book That Reverts My Daughter’s Death
No Sleep Post 1
Part one.
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to videocall me, now I hear tapping on my window
A week ago I didn't even remember, but now it's all I can think about.
I moved to a trailer out in the country, I think the land is used by a cult or something or worse
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 5)
Monsters Followed me my Whole Life
I performed an eerie ritual, and now I don't think I can make it through the night
Depression
The dogs are madI Love People Who Make Me Laugh
They're in my bones.
I got hired to write rules for strange jobs, now my job has its own set of strange rules There’s Something Living Inside My Optometrist’s Equipment
I Should Have Paid Attention to the Weird Kid in my Doem
My Mother Came Over But wouldn’t Get Out the Car
The Light Bulb
When gods meet
They Say it Take Two Days for Your Cats to Eat Your Body
The Shadow
The man in the mirror (sexual violence)
I live with a devil and I need help!
An idea.
The Thing at Number 98
My husband has been missing, but we’ve been reunited. (Final Part)
Could someone make a 2020 list of rules stories?
A Child's Voice
"If you look into the forest at night, it may look back you."
The opening to the underworld
I had a weird dream
Someone post short ouija bd story video
I saw a giant flashlight facing my house
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age twenty, I revisited the woods.
I think there are people following me,last night I found out what they want
Their screams are pure terror...
New changes to UpdateMeBot, and a request for help from it's owner.
What strange things did you find in the woods (real stories) ?
I was part of a teenage crime solving gang. It was so fucked up.
A nasty little 100-word horror story.
Only the Classics
Something is wrong with my wife....it's finally over
Waves
On Her Deathbed, My Grandma Told me The Family Secret is a Murderous Being That Gets Passed Down Part II
I've been renting a room at Clearview Hotel, this place is weird as hell
Them Doorway
Idk what to do anymore...
This town has a secret and it's written in ash.
The Cycle
●_●
The Backyard House
Trapped Inside for 366 Days. This is Day 1 of my Escape.
notebook
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: the Beheaded Woman's Gown and Medea's Bathtub
I can't find my family members in the house
The Family
Don't mess up, I'm always there to punish you if you do.
Inexplicable laughing still haunts me to this day.
I went to a rip-off Disney. I knew I shouldn't have trusted it.
Pet Store, but not only for pets (Part 5/Finale?)
I Led It Into My Bed
They Feed on Dreams
Poop bags won’t help me now.
Nothingness in the name of science (part 1)
Tales From A Wastelander
Mr. Jones Had a Fright
How long can you hold your breath?
Scary Experience on Sweet Hollow Road.
I found the Jersey Devil. It's not what people say it is.
I tried a deadly tik tok trend
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 8)
Need Anything?
I died and was brought back to life but no one remembers me.
I Found the Cell Phone of a Missing Person... and I Think I’m Next
The Culling of Demonic Beings....
NoSleep Interview with Girl_from_the_Crypt!
The Goofball of Brumalia
The Dump
Lucid Dreaming
I Know the Way Home: A New Scripture.
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown Part 2
Don't tell skinwalker stories around the campfire
My Camping journal
The Burned Photo
This Letter I Got From My Cousin.
I Work For SCP And I Think Someone Is Out To Get Me.
This still terrifies me in my nightmares
(allegedly) TRUE (but secondhand) STORY: The Gloucester Hitchhiker
That summer
Three Weeks Ago I Moved Into My Dream Home. That's When the Nightmares Started.
Cancun
Free!
01
My son has Coronavirus, but his symptoms are drastically worse than doctors are describing.
My cat ate a spider
Priority passengers only.
House at the end of Anderson Rd
Greycott (Part 1)
My dog isn’t my best friend
whats going on in my house ?
The Nail-Clipper that Bites Back
When then 'emu' took flight, we realized the Monster Bird
College Ghost Stories - The Old Man In The Building
"Tic, toc. Tic, too."
I tried the elevator ritual and it went horrifically wrong.
The lost night
I woke up in a strange place.
The Transcript of a Call Between Mrs Amanda Potter and Mr Peter Bartholomew.
Me and my friend just met a psychopath
I wish I hadn't applied for this job posting.
My house is the burial site of a serial killer (Part 2)
The campus of rebirth
Don't Go Out After Curfew
I work as a security guard.
It was All Fake.
I was an angry piece of shit, then I found a book that cured me.
Sludge
She was protecting us, I think
Kill Me Twice (Part 1)
We found our lost cat, but he left us again.
Witchcraft.
Little kid standing in the middle of the street. 22:30.
Summoning Christmas in our Hearts
I have no rules at my night security job because i have to discover them...
Last Moments
I’m a deep-sea biologist who’s currently working on a scientific research vessel out in the Pacific Ocean. I think we woke something up.
My encounter with a woman in a surgical mask.
Little Violet
I am starting to believe that I'm not the only one in my house...
I don't feel..."right."
Spider
The Sous Chef
The boy in the black sweatshirt
D-Day....
A warm summer's night
Every Year I Die.. I Hope Its Over Soon..
No one believes I’m being stalked by a child.
I'm a Doctor practicing rural medicine. I have some strange patients. Part 1.
Beware that which steps with no sound
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There
And Then I Saw It...
The Glossy Sky (part 1)
Dying, Over and Over Again
My childhood friend
Me and a friend bought a building off of two people who seemed more than happy to get rid of it, I know why now.
A stuffed animal saved my life. You heard me.
The Late Night Call
I Think My Marriage Is Falling Apart
I have a remote that can kill people. I can't get rid of it.
Mr. Knock Knock Part 1
If You See An Old Woman In The Mirror, Don't Look
My Grandfather's Secret
Sunflowers
First Degree Kidnapping Case That Bothered Me
Roger
have you red this story?
Skinwalkers Stories from the Past (Part Two)
A Girl I Knew Was Murdered 8 Years Ago and I Still See Her.
She was on a quest. She died.
When we were kids, my little brother died on Halloween. He's come back to visit me every year since his death.
Trip of a Lifetime (Part 2)
Thanks my mom was there
I saw something that changed me
I almost got kidnapped and beat them with a golf club.
My mothers' name was Kiki - Part 1
Your "Friends" are being replaced
The Beast Of Jaeger Street
I Just Want It To Stop Ticking.
Every Human Being has a Doppelganger: A Visit from mine Changed my LifeI found out my boss was hiding an angel at work. We decided to use it for personal gain.
I need demon/ghost help?
The Villisca Axe Murder House (True Story)
Don’t Explore Creepy Places Alone
DO NOT GO TO A PLACE CALLED S073 (part two)
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 5 - Finale)
As I walked down the dark hallway, I could clearly see myself staring back
The Nowhere Company
I'm finishing a deal that my uncle started.
I may not be here tomorrow
August 2020 Voting Thread
**MISSILE INBOUND**
It came from the mines (Part 5)
I found a recording of a dream journal.
The dream that repeats itself every night.
The Panda Man
Don't Go Outside (part 1)
Tell more creepiest paranormal experiences
Thorns
Some very disturbing Paranormal Experiences in my life
There coming
My girlfriend; Mary. I dont think she's real... I think I'm going crazy.
The "man" behind the desk (Part 3)
Callie
It's time to wake up
A story I wrote
Words to a Librarian: Part 4
My friend created his own religion. Now we're trying to help Isis give birth to Set's son. PART 3
Lucky Fate
I'm stuck on an endless train track
My friend found a sketchy book, he should've left it.
Life annulment Part 1
The perfect guy
‘Twas the Eleventh Night After Christmas a choice went to waste
I've seen many things as a Gravedigger... but this encounter was enough to end my career.
20 Years Ago I Participated In Something We Called The Great Pumpkin Holocaust. Now I have a New Annual Tradition
This is MY story
scary story series... if you have the guts... (horror narration)
A nightly sound keeping me awake
Melody
Hawaii
Has anyone else seen blue fireflies in the Mojave?
The THING in the woods
Welcome to
I Found the One Paranormal Game that Actually Works... It Wasn't Worth It.
There's a secret bookshelf at my local library.
Hello? Are you still there?
What is this strange power?
زيارة وهمية
Would you hurt yourself for money?
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 4 (Final Volume)
My Treehouse is the Devil's Bin (part 2)
It lurked in the basement
The Rules Won’t Save You
Spoiled
The Tickelbeast
X-treme flavor in every can!
I have a new family. And they're frightening.
Mr Whatever you want - part 1
The previous tenant left a survival guide. Not all heroes wear capes.
Help me find this pasta/story
I am an extraterrestrial shape shifter. I think “they” are onto me!
A Strange Business Trip
The sun has yet to rise, and the cats will not stop screaming (part 1)
I Met A Girl Followed By Bad Luck. I Think I Want To Know More About Her.
I just called my brother from downstairs, but im not down there. Final
I got on the wrong bus and I think I'll die here
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 4)
I don't know who I am or what they want with me
Haunting on Hurley Street
I Auditioned To Be On Naked And Afraid, Something Went Wrong.
The History of the Gunnerson Family Holiday Tradition
Menlife
Here's why I hunt monstersThe Genius Gene
The Voice.
My husband's things started to disappear from our house three years after his death
I Am Your Doppleganger
I’m A Member Of The Company. I’ve Uncovered Something Shocking.
This is my experience of “Keepsie” with Mr.Hands.
The Room With No Door
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 13
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 3)
My stalker, my killer, my lover
I don’t believe in the supernatural but I sure as hell believe in monsters.
‖t starts at midnight
The Reoccuring man
Scawy story
No name yet - my story based on A Nightmare on Elm Street
Always lock up your firearms
What’s real?
The Commenter
We went to a nightclub and now one of us die every hour
The Little Girl in The Corner
Witch's curse It is recommended that you do not read this story before bed!
No Head: A True Story Of Headless Horror
The Fog
Floor 9: The Lost &amp; Drowned
an encounter with a supernatural phenomenon
Home alone... (Part 1,2 and 3)
The forest terror
I tried a new drug called Sobek... Now the goddamn REPTILES are after me!
Lorelei, the Girl Who Lives Inside My Wall
My shadow left my body, and now it's trying to kill me.
The Misfortune of an Unwanted Visitor
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 3)
Heavenly
I'm a cleaner - clean up on isle 4
Sleep wake and she will get you
I dont know where I am or what this place is. But its not my fucking house.
The man of the night
Jenny's Diner
Don’t look. Don’t blink. Don’t acknowledge.
Something is moving behind the clouds and it turns everyone insane.
There’s someone sleeping in my Geometry room
This isn’t a fake story idk where to go and it seems like people here r awake considering the title of the subreddit
Ever done something stupid and mercifully lived to tell the tale? Five days ago I thought I had. Now... Can anyone hear me???
I was stuck in a forest for 12 days, what I saw there is unbelievable.
This Man
My Pet Wendigo (Part One)
Everything is fine.
A.I. is Already Awake
I was being watched..
I Heard My Own Voice Screaming In Agony On Spotify
Someone suggested I share my Randonaut experience here
So, the afterlife is real. (Part 1)
i eat
God lives deep in the jungle (1/2)
A Black Beast Follows Me Everywhere.
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 18)
Running From the White Monster. (All those years ago.)
The Ghost In My Kitchen
I Was a Mercenary, but My Latest Contract Was Unlike Anything I've Ever Seen
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game?
Don't sleep on bottom bunk
The Blackwater Hospital Chronicles - A Gift from Another World
The eye above our town.
I'm stuck in my apartment and there are armed guards keeping us in, and strange creatures roaming the hallways also keeping us in, please help.
The accident
the scare (for mini ladd)
I think I Married Satan
The Aengabite Inn
My mom sent me some old home videos for my birthday. The fragments of a fractured past are reassembling.
The strangest dream I ever had
Desolation
I Bought Vaccine From The Black Market, It Wasn't What I Expected...
The girl in my house
Tylenol
Something was living in my house
I Know What Happens When You Die
I keep reliving the worst day of my life
My girlfriend the sadist.
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. You decided. Now they want one, final decision. (Part 2)
I'm Pretty Sure There's Something Wrong With the Night Tour Guide (update 2)
The Fluttering
Be careful what you eat or risk the chance of summoning a demon
There’s a red door on my basement something else lives on my town.
how do i do the dishes?
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House (Part 2)
YOSHIDA TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES CALL TRANSCRIPTION RECORDS - KAKUDA TO SENDAI - CALL #4928
There's a spirit looking out for me
I'm Part of a Cryptid Intervention Task Force (Part 9)
Everyone loves my dad's flower shop...they shouldn't
The Feathers of Grace and Evil
Let the Healing Begin...
We found a facility hidden in the mountains and I might be the only one left
Galina's School for the BlindI see things I shouldn't: Index/Intro
Cannibalistic Vegan
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 1)
Charter School Survival Guide – Avoid the Lights in the Forest
Somewhere on the Eastern Front
My neighbours have started to act strangely, I think one of them is missing an ear.
If three boys try to sell you candy at Emeldahm Station, don’t talk to them.
ADELAIDE
Something is in my apartment and it's starting to freak out my girlfriend
She Lives In The Attic
Years ago I returned to the childhood home which I had fled. Now that I am dying, I’m ready to share the story of what happened to me there in order to save others. .
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 6)
The Chernobyl Exclusion Zone isn't what you've been made to believe it is
There's a strange man in the park and I'm not sure what he wants.
Dead ocean
I think I sold my soul
It wont leave me alone
I KNOW WHAT YOU’RE FEELING BECAUSE I ALWAYS FEEL THE SAME.
Do Not Move Into 417 Auburn Crescent.
I Thought I Was Nobody (Part 2)
A Mother's Love
The Grey Man at Lost Lake
It's one day until the world ends.
Dead swan
Plates
I Found My Grandmother Dead In Her Home, She Was Drained Of All Her Blood
I called the cops already and reported him missing
I’ll never admit to killing my son.
I Took a Picture of a Ghost Wedding in a Vineyard
What was your most scary event that actually happened?
I'm the police diver for Lake Murdock. I buried a friend last night.
It gets closer every time I talk about it - Update
Lady's hands are cold
The Day We Almost Died
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children
Frau Perchta
The Fly
My dog keeps barking at my shed
My boyfriend is gone. I went to his workplace to investigate.
Jack the riper
The story of Nathan. He is not dead according to statistics.
Lead Head
Help! I don't know what's going on, but that is not my daughter.
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying.(Pt 2, update and 2006)
No sleep now
I'm being followed.
I thought my house was haunted, but it was much worse
I just watched an odd found footage tape shot near my home town.
The house on KnobKnobKnock hill
Friday, July 13th
Something weird is going on with my dad
There's a Portal to Hell in the Intersection by my House
abrupt (part 1)
NVG.DATA.17.02.2009.MOV
Bedtime Story
My baby monitor has a secret channel that only I can see
My dog was not right. I still don't know what happened
The hooded man ritual
unknown journal part 1
I keep seeing these distorted images and
The Blood-eating Sword
I was a heavy gamer, until I was locked in a loop.
I Found a Healthy Respect for the Outdoors.
A road trip mishap
A New Patient (The Doctor's In Part 3)
Our friend heard something in the woods.
The One Popular In My School Has Scary Secrets, And She Will do Anything to keep them secret
The Nursing Home
Birthday Trip: Pt. 1
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Part 2 -
A homeless man tried to flirt with me and followed me home
I just had a horrifying conversation with my friend. He revealed something awful to me.
UNKT578 part 2
Covid 19 was an A.I.'s attempt to save humanity. It failed.
Ligth and Shadow. Timelapse. Burshtyn Water Reservoir | Relax video. Wat...
Dr. Fugazi will change your life! Pt 1
I can't outrun the wind (part 2)
“I’m A Monster.” Series Update
My sister keeps having hallucinations and the doctors say there's nothing wrong with her. (Part 1)
A nightmare inside a nightmare inside of a repeating nightmare
skinwalkers in vail arizona? (reposted from r/skinwalkers)
"We found you..."
this is a person
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i found was not human part 4
I’m Insane for one Week of Every Year
I Moved Into The Cat Lady's House
The 5 rules to living and surviving in the voidI work as part of a research team in Greenland. We think we've found Noah's Ark.
I’m not the only person who lives in my house.
Whats in the dark 1
I think i moved to the wrong area...(part 7)
Papa’s wafers
The Circle: Jester
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive.
n
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
(An Army Story) Why I Hate Pulling Fireguard:
My neighbor tried to kill me
You Ever Hear of Dread Falls?
I'm 23, and I saw my imaginary friend again. (Part 1)
There's a room in the house where my father keeps secret research for his biotech company. I finally broke the lock. (Part 2)
Something scared the sh-t out of my monitors and all my friends are concerned
The Dark Day Erasure
I got an old teddy from a stranger, and a list of rules for survival (Nights 2 and 3)
The word that keep me up at night
The Smiling Shadow: A horror story
The Tale Of Don Moretti: Terror On The Coast (1)
Unit 190
I am a Priest charged by the Holy See to deal with the True Stigmata of Christ
The Armory
There's something else in my house, and I don't know what to do.
My friend was raised to know the exact date and time of her death
I Keep Having Dreams Of A Carnival.
Cravings
Why no one uses my school's toilets
Hearing the Future
The Bus Ride
There's a hole in the ceiling of my local McDonald's.
Birthday Party and Woods
I discovered what the aliens want.
The Ball in The Woods
My mirror doesn't copy me.
Home alone the finale
I left a nasty comment on a website. I think they sent someone after me.
Theres something in my mirror
Bloody Mary killed my friend. I’m the only one who knows the truth.
My ex wife and I took our kids for pictures with Santa. Our holiday horror is at an END.
I'm going crazy
Please help, I don't understand what's going on
I followed the call
The myteriouse shelter
I went searching through home videos. Something doesn’t add up.
The large figure
Mirror are more dangerous than you think.
Queen of Hearts
Floor 10: As Below, So Above
Minami-Iwo Island That Year… (Part 2)
Screams follow my music
The dice should have never landed on 6
The girl who left bloodred feathers in her trail
Herobrine made me do it
"They terrorize them too, not just us." - War Stories pt. 1
The old cabin
My Mother Was A Scientist And Kept Her Work In Lockboxes
I heard tapping on my window at 4 AM
Quick easy cash isn't always that easy...
When It Snows On Halloween
I Think a Cult Is Trying to Kidnap Me
The Burrowing Man
The envelope.
Number Neighbor
The "special child"
The proper way of things.
I've been to the place between awake and dreaming
Bad Ouija Experience
What I saw changed me...
Barb McDalien, Head of Accounting
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up. (3)
I hear disturbing sounds sometimes- Part 1
The Last Road Trip. Part 3 of 3.
My younger brother can see ghosts. One day he saw one in a portrait.
The Woman With No Eyes (Part 1)
Have you ever forgotten
The Ghosts In My House
I Locked my Possessed Sister in the Barn. Now She's Gone
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 1)
Our company creates and raise creatures - The Sirens and my fucking joke report (Part 2)
What happened on December 30th? Part I
Northern Shelter
Mirror: How I killed my reflection
My UFO experience
My Diabolical Self • Part 14: Prints Charming
We Danced
Missing person case: James Roecher
This was not in our agreed upon timeline
My Aunt breaks my Ouija Board and pays a horrible price
If you want to work here you better get used to it: Part 2, A dangerous approach and the weather machine.
Trick-or-Tracheotomy
My first test subject
A Grammy can't help but worry
The caves.
I've never finished a jigsaw puzzle...
The school is hiding something from us
i heard strange noises from my door...
Noisy pedestrians at night
A man's dead body disappeared
Always Lock Your Doors at Night
Scare Me To Sleep/ The Diary of a Parasomniac: When the wind picks up and whistles through the trees, Is it carrying a voice? Is it somebody’s scream?
Mr. Toad
A hottie kept pinching me on the subway. I learned she had a fetish for colored condoms
My daughter is scaring me...
My name is Indi Rhyder
My Heart Transplant Mystery
The Big Platchki of 1854 PART II - THE LADY THAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN A PARANOID ILLUSION
I am a taxi driver in a small town, this job will kill me (first chapter/prologue/first draft)
I was in prison for 15 years. There was a skinwalker in there with us.
Opioid Addicted Father
Found: Lost Interview with Incriminating Evidence, but not of the Suspect.
Let me weave you a tale - I have so many experiences that I don't know when and where to start - so read what I have to say and ask away.
A Lucid Nightmare...
What do they want! (Part 3 of i saw the i swear)
Join Us as We Gaze into the Abyss
The hidden horror of Clear Water Asylum (Part 2)
I'm a prisoner in an underground lab: even the scientists escaped (part 1)
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 5)
The previous tenant left a survival guide. I never liked that damn lift.
i used to go into the forest now i wonder what i did in there
I’m a late night gamer- here are some stories.
I went back...
1:34 AM. EP:01
I got turned into an NPC in my favorite video game. (Part 1)
PLEASE HELP I think I'm trapped in another dimension
My friend came back from the dead
My Daughter Talks To Her Shadow
My friend and I walked out of class for a moment. We came back early but everyone was gone. (Part 1)
If You Hear Something in the Woods, Don't Follow the Noise, Of Course
People who almost killed, as it was!?
My dead Great-grandmother won't let me sleep.
Whatever you do.. stay out of the Disney vault
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Hannah and the Heart Beater
The Attic and the Dining Room
The pink bedroom
I get buried alive for a living. Something else is down there.
The Running Man
The Ghost
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I learned within- part 2
I'm a government experiment on the run (part 1)
Residents of Ohio, please consider relocating (part 2)
A “Gentile” House
Something terrible came with the rain
My cousin literally has a monster inside of him
A distraught mothers vengeance.
My Tia’s Experience with Owls
i left my sister in the woods to die
It only writhes in the dark.
I saw something I shouldn't have, and now its after me
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum”
My heartbeat does something weird at night.
Hitchhiker's Haven
The Hole in the Ground, at the Corner of the Street.
Every evening begins with a phone call
I met a girl in a videogame lobby a few days ago. I am not sure she is who she claims to be. (Part 2)
My Diabolical Self • Part 17: The Stalker
Mining Corp.
i need someone to help me track down this stalker
The Man with No Face Tells Me What to Do
It is coming
I saw history repeat itselfThere's something controlling my family
Black Vein Blues
Could I have some truth 🤔
It Watches (Part 5/Finale)
Beware the laughing man
There's something in the atlantic ocean
Five years ago I experienced a bout of severe mental illness. Today I’ve found evidence that the things I saw were real.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon ❤️Futurelove❤️ Women's Beach Summer Flat Sandals T-Strap Beaded Dress Thong Flip Flops Comfortable Slip On Casual
I've spent the past 100 years trying to escape from Utopia, now I'm terrified of death.
Actually true, unless I've lost my mind
First day of school
I Need Help
The autopsy of my daughter’s killer part 2.
There Always a Bigger Fish
Bohemian Rhapsody
Spinning Circles- a horror story part 1
How to Survive Camping: Rule #18 - the frost
I hate this body.
1-800-Exorcism
WARNING: MALFORMED PACKET
Don't Stop at Suzie's
The disease.
My Dad Almost Murdered My Mom and Possibly My Whole Family in One Night
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 11)
Don't talk to Disney World Mascots at closing time.
Stage fright
The Pink Bunny
On a cold winters night
Quitting smoking weed is really fucking with my head.
Ever since my husband abandoned us, our son hasn’t spoken a word. Now I know why
The school’s downfall
Trying to find a story I read here
A portal to another place
Just Unlucky
The Man On The Roof
Immortality isn’t good
The Coffins in the Trees
Project SL-281: The Forgotten Experiment. The One They Covered Up.
Drugged
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 8)
My parrot summoned something.
A reoccurring nightmare or dream....
Mother...?
The Court of the Rat King
pray for me
Shadow figures?
I was bitten by something and the effects are kicking in...
Between the Boxes - A Leap of Faith
Can you see her? I see them, can you ? -Pt 1
Pray, Texas
Dog Sitting
Started as nightmares, now, they're all the time.
seehearSMELLtouchtaste
The Figure In My Mind, My Angel
Scary house story
I am scared now
Cutting Off My Finger
A step by step guide to visiting a parallel dimension.
My body is dead, but my soul refuses to leave
The Beast Of Barronhouse Mountain.
On the tenth anniversary of her death
test
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars and it didn’t go as planned
I used to work in a prison
Parade of the MacabreI’m an architect that works in renovation. Don’t do ritual games in old buildings. You don’t know what you’ll meet.
The Elevator always creeped me out, now I remember why (pt 2)
My Sister sees ghost...
Playing creepy game for android. Headphones!
The tall man won’t leave my room
This man sings me a lullaby every night. I don't think he wants me to wake up.
Me and my friends found an occult ritual, but I saw something much scary.
There's someone outside my window. What should I do?
Nightmare In the Woods (pt 1)
Possible Cryptid Sighting
When the Nightmares Began
NeoNERV: We Didn't Start the Fire
Hello From My Sleep Paralysis
Im a security Guard hired to protect an Estate P7
I Hate Rest Stops. Sincerely.
No matter how many times they call, please don't pick up for 0-800-ORGANS. Please.Hallucinations were a part of my mental disorders, but never did I think that what I was seeing in our new home was REAL!
If you're trying to get pregnant, don't make the same mistake we did.
Christmas.
I know how to glitch out of the backrooms.
People only love my food after two weeks of starvation
That One Time I Joined a Hypnotic Cult
I can't handle my problem anymore
My friend is a goblin and the galaxy is a farm for soul
‘Tony's Kingdom’ by Jake M.M. Griffin and Fionnán O'Riordan (NSFW,Revolting)
I Woke Up Stuck to My Bed
I went to this girl's place for a Tinder hookup- it was a bad idea.
Night Guard
The knocking at the door hasn’t stopped all night
Stuck in a loop
feeder fish
I'll Never Be The Same After Visiting My Cousin
Not a story but rather a question.
I have amnesia, but I'm slowly regaining my memories.
Wet
THINGS IN THE WILDERNESS
It's pouring rain outside and I don’t understand what’s happening, I feel crazy and I need to put this somewhere.
I'm never sleeping again..
The night job
We're Making a Marionette
My Stalker Agreed to Not Kill Me as Long as I Don’t Leave My Bed
The Dark, Bitter Gall (Part 1)
Room 545 A Vampires Lullaby (Pt1)
Finding My True Self Part 2
I stayed at the Red Emblem Hotel and lived to tell about it (sort of)
If you see a sickly boy in a blue hoodie, please contact me immediately. It's a matter of life and death.
Mike
I went hiking with my child and now I regret it
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 2)
My grandmother had a deathbed confession that I was not supposed to hear.
A problem with society, which raised questions around me.
I got stuck in a storm, and someone created a new life for me. Part 2
I Don't Believe In Myself Anymore
The girls in black WHY CANT YOU SEE THEM
She didn't remember me, at first. (One and done post)
I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy. Job #1 helped me spread my wings.
My mother's terrifying sleep talks and walks
I work inside a CDC quarantine
The lady with the heels.
I Think My Bedroom Is A Doorway To Another Dimension
That Russian road in the middle of nowhere had six rules. We only read five.My daughter has been acting strange. Today, I found out why.
I wrote a story and some maniac mad eit occur in real life
9.14PM
Back to School by chance the rapper?
Beautiful Light
I watched my whole family being slaughtered and there was nothing I could do
The Haunted House of 31st Street.
The lost hikers of Pinewood
Medical School
Dead Mommy Skin
Like two was not enough, fuck you stranger.
Made in Wuhan
Some things I can't explain that happened in my old house
Jupiter's Rules
My backdoor won't lock anymore
I Think I'm In The Wrong Hospital
The Mouth Stitcher
The Records of Tara Hauklin: Summer of 2018 (Pt. 1)
A Dog's Loyalty
I used to investigate the Occult: This is why you don't bring back the dead.
Am I the only one seeing those figures, now the streets are empty?
LEOs Stories
Its True When They Say Left Handed People Are In Line With The Devil
Am I hallucinating
Some odd Baka To Test Creepypasta I heard
The nurse's box of band-aids
My dog ran out, when someone went in
Paraphrenia
The Ski Lift to Nowhere. (Part 1 &amp; 2)
Wasted and wounded
My Hospital Story: Nowhere
Here's why you must never attempt to rescue a dog.
Dreams
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Part 5 - The Body Count Rises
Dream or Vision?
A stroll through the woods, a cat and various trains.
Color Blind
This was a scary dream that happen to me that made me scared of clowns...
How to Survive Camping: Senior Camp Rule #8 - don't make us throw you down the hill
It’s Probably Time to Talk About my Experiences
TRICK OR TREAT, DON’T LOOK UNDER THE SHEET!
They Say When You Die, Your Memories Flash Before Your Eyes. They Never Say Someone Takes Them, Or the Man in the Shadows
Not Who We Seem
Caged Animal
Bivouac (part 2)
I Find Things
stalker on my discord
I am a sex worker. Sometimes it's hard to know who to trust.
The dead can't speak, but are you listening closely?
The Stranger.
Tantrum
It gets very lonely after death
The Guy In Black
Something Is Wrong
Who is here to sleep comfortably with plush monsters in a real pile?
I wish I didn't have to dream
A not so jolly Christmas Part 1
I’m a sheriff at a police department in a small town in Oregon. One of my officers gave me some sheets of paper one day. She found it in the cell of one of our new prisoners. He had been weighting on a few loose sheets of paper, and he became extremely nervous when she confiscated them.
My Memories of Mr. Simmons
How I lost my cat
Professional Courtesy
Nights With Mama
AITA for stabbing my BIL?
Something is going on with my boyfriend, I'm not sure what to do.
When the Shadows Spoke
The local McDonalds doesn't have big macs on the menu, now I know why.
I'm a washed up actor. A fading star. But I've been given a new lease on life by an eccentric director of underground films.
I Kissed A Dead Girl
My boyfriend was infected. I had no other choice.
Mr. Jones (and me)
Don’t go into Pine view Lake at night
The Little Piggies Ritual
Help I'm being stalked by bots that aim at everything I post just to make sure that nobody can see anything that I am saying.
Waiting and Waiting and Waiting.... Until
I transport souls to the afterlife and my brother just got into my taxi.
(true)I saw a teleporting/time traveling car!!?
There's a dead man in Room 7
The Hooded Man with the Little Girl's Voice
The Hear-alls
Demon or allergies (I posted this on r/UnusAnnus and now here so I hope you enjoy! )
Forever together
What Never Was Supposed To Be
He stared at the bodies on the ground, at the girl covered in blood. Her eyes narrowed as she stood up. "You're late."
My dad said that he made a pill that will cure mental illnesses, and since then he was never to be found again. (Part 1)
My little sister's wedding
My sleep paralysis just got worse
My birthday Before it began: Part/episode 1
Heaven is Hell For Angles
I grew up in a cult that worshipped a black star
Infected City
Cedarville General is not a normal hospital
Creepy pasta / scary stories wanted for podcast episode
The bathtub in the boat.
I Went to a Lamp Shop That Sells Souls
My father hunted a serial killer that nobody seems to remember
You hunt, we follow
I delivered a pizza to neighborhood that doesn't want to be acknowledged.
Abandoned Town
My experience with
Troll in the Dungeon
Could my neighbour have dug an underground tunnel to my basement? I don’t see any tunnel openings
Knock Knock :)
Case 208 (Audio - Adrian Goldheart #1)
I found my old classmate's diary today. I don't know what to do.
Red
Hallucinations In Dreams
The Demonolaters (Part 3)
I can use mirrors to get to wherever in the world I want. One day I got stuck inside the mirror.
I work at a library legendary for its silence, but the new head librarian is a mouth breather. (Part 1)
Can someone explain what is happening to us?
I'm a hoarder, but not even my addiction can force me to enter my basement (FINALE)
Missing child in colorado
Confessions Of A Serial Killer- Part 1
We've been swimming for so long
I always have the same feeling
What we leave behind
The modern mystery on why i cam mever fucking sleep
Not a joke I need help
Please it helps me it’s harmless and free
Something PRETENDS to be my mom
The evil within us all
Getchu - The Last Dating App You'll Ever Use
El Camino del Diablo- The Devil’s Highway
My Sweet Cat
The Organizers
I got the worst possible version of Super Smash Bros Ultimate for Christmas.
I have to get to the platform on my stairs by midnight
Humans are not on top of the food chain.
An Alien Ship Landed In My Town. The World Is Going To End Very Soon.
My father is to blame for my grandfather's death
The reaper doesn't pay rent
We're getting concerned about our son. Lately he's been acting distant and not talking with the family as much as usual.
Jingles (My First Self Written Horror Story)
It Lives in the Music
I wish I hadn't kept 2020 a secret and now I won't keep 2021 a secret either
I Investigated One of My Town's Landmarks: Alabaster BridgeI’m a Person of Many Talents, But I Can’t See or Hear Them
They Were Dangerous
My Father Sold Me To A Monster On My 18th Birthday
Something is in me. I need help.
A Letter of Complaint from the Afterlife
What the hell pricked me? Part 3
Guardian Angels do exist
MiaRain
Camping Trip
I've lived today before, and now I know I'm going to live it again.
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Woman
Late night Taco Bell scare!
I was part of an Island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 8
I don’t want to be a mountain man anymore
I thought I was going to be home alone. I wasn't.
I inherited a car, with a job - pt. 2
Does this mean I’m fired?
Easter is a Time for New Beginnings
Am I going insane? (Part 2)
The ‘47 Special, Part 3
The Spider Baby
Voyeur’s Delight
When Camping Goes Wrong
Whatever Replaced My Mother, It Isn't Human.
Hunted
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?- Final Episode
The Nightmare PT.1
A message from below
Mr. Boblyubov
Dear Gabriella,
My Brother drowned in a lake three years ago. Now he's trying to kill me.
I'm stuck in a loop of the same day.
Universe of Monsters
My Friend Went Hiking On Dark Mountain And Never Came Back
Children go missing in our neighborhood after sunset.
Bus Ride Through November Pt.1
A Biologist's Guide to the Silent Woods
I see Human Shadows on the wall, They're not mine.
The Radiator
The Creep: Story of a Soon-to-be-Missing girl
American girl dolls
I found a missing walletDon't Get Yourself Into A Knot, Mr Twine
Things in Common
The Taxidermist.
To the Love of my Life, today is the first day of the rest of our lives! Isn't it exciting?
My neighbor has been digging a hole in his backyard. It's starting to drive me crazy.
Two months ago, the US Navy officially acknowledged that the “GIMBAL”, “FLIR1”, and “GoFast” videos are of real unidentified flying objects. What else are they hiding? What else have they seen?
Who, who is this?
Hollow
People think being Death means reaping the souls of those soon to die.
this is horrifying
something strange happened in the trip
Hello, my name is Katie. I am fifteen-years-old, and I can see aura's.
Times have changed since my life was barren and without purpose
I witnessed my own funeral a week ago.
This is the only photo in my memory.
“One Call Away”
Falling DOWN
There’s something making a noise outside my window, does anyone know what it is?
Someone was watching me for 170 minutes.
My apartment had 12 rules I need to follow to stay alive (Part 2)
I celebrate my Birthday alone. It's not safe for others to be around me.
Dreadful Panes
Something is Playing with the Fairy Lights in my Room
My Pal Mickey Mouse
There is someone in my bed
A genie appeared before me, giving me a warning. I killed it, now we’re all screwed(part 1)
We Weren't Allowed to Stay Out Past Dark in my Hometown.
My Mom used Mirror Magic and made her bully insane
I'm a 'blind' historic landmark gatekeeper. (I)
Animals from hell #1: A Cat with Dreams.
If I quit my job, I might be next. (Part 4)
I passed the edge of existence. Part one: My Dream I Dreamed.
New post lol
My Japanese Grandparents' Home
I live in a marsh, working as a crabber and guide. Recently things have gotten... weird
There's a mist in my town that turns people into monsters: Part 2
I'm a Contestant in a Survival Game Show, and I Think the Host is Trying to Kill Us
The moonlit woods are crawling with countless things unseen. They have seen me
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 5)
Were you taught not to play under trees at dusk?
I was finally told about the town's myth, but I still have questions.
DO NOT OPEN THIS EMAIL
An unexplained shadow
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty. (part two)
The mirrors make me weep. (Part 1)
Why we cannot live on another planet
I think self-isolation is messing with my sister?
P.T.
I think there's something in the forest. And it doesn't like people
PETER SUNDBERG SWEDISH POLICEMAN/VAMPIRE SLAYER
Within The Darkness
SCP-8184
AMBER ALERT: Rainmaker
I Shouldn't Have Played The Elevator Game. Now I'm Trapped Here (Part 2
I think I met an immortal man and now i'm scared!
I loved camping as a kid what Happened March 6th 2018 sccared me for the rest of my life...
If the sky goes dark in the middle of the day, hide! (Final)
Home Intruder
I met the witch who cursed my family
I Bought Some Supplements Online, But I'm Begging You Not To
The Life if a Sleepwalker
'Twas the Twelfth Night After Christmas All Washed in the Flood
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Midress Womens Flat Sandals Slides Fashion Casual Open Toe Beach Shoes Outdoor Slippers Slip On Shoes for SummerWe couldn't keep the baby
My “boyfriend” was my first satisfying experience
A Murderous Masterpiece - an original short story
All my friends have been disappearing and no one has noticed
The woods (Part:1)
I have never been a mother
Gory Gory What a Helluva Way to Die
I’ve been raising my nieces for years. Something is very wrong with this family.
I found something in my bookbag and I don't know what it is.
I was home alone as a kids once
My Mom's Apocalypse
My friends have started a ritual and we weren't prepared
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 2
Urban Exploration gone wrong
I never should have let my daughter watch a video called “Kill Daddy”
the man we see
47 and a half Burton Street
PLEASE HELP ME
Stevensville II
I can't see the dog.
A "BOT" account followed me on Instagram. Then it sent me a picture
Walk it off
They Sing In The Deep
What I Found In The Woods Behind The Art Museum
The Girl and the Elevator
I remember. Oh God, I remember.
Sure, Jan. (Part Two)The Turkey Hill Experience
I’m being stalked.
I just need more time to make the perfect subject, i just need perfection
My hometown doesn't exist
Order # 0003
Hemichlophobia
I Smelled a Man’s Breath That Just Might Kill Me
Charter School Survival Guide – The Rules Apply to Everyone
THE MIME
The Big Crunch
Play games amid Lockdown
I Disappeared from the Colorado Woods 12 Years Ago (Final)
Hell Happened
The Dopplegänger
I train human remains detection dogs. I can't work in the field anymore.
The rituals are real...
Please use randonautica safely
Welcome to the Void, want anything?
After work he was stuck in traffic for a bit. He finally came home to witness something horrible
The Abandoned Bunker.
Inside
The True Horror Movie Experience. Final Part.
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part four)
EXODUS HAS FALLEN (Zombie horror)
My biological mom was a monster hunter, here are her records.
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  The Gravestones and the Being.
The Smoking Door
Raven's Curse
My School Has Been Ritually Sacrificing The Students
Blue Boogeyman Tales
I watched my best friend get killed
The hospital changed me (in a bad way)
Lazy Sundays
Everybody knows the torment of a wicked bad itch that you just can't reach! So please enjoy "The Itch".
My twin brother and I are hunters. Our game isn't what you'd expect.
I don’t know what I saw that night
I found the hidden door in my house.
If you hear a nursery rhyme called Snippity Snap, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
Am I even awake (Pt 3) FINALE
The Mirror in the Attic
I played the elevator game without consent and here are the conscequences
My first two died, and my third is all I have left
Grandma Is Either Lying Or I Have A Major Problem
Thoughts on Tom's head: A Crimson Fountain, Throw a Quarter
I Work as a Security Guard Outside of UNCC
I visited a retirement village
The night I stayed at Motel 523
The shadow/Tall man
Deeper
There's something worse than the SCP Foundation..
Where is my friend?
The Rabbit Hole
Cinnamon Wants A Jerky
Anybody have advice on this thing that‘.s been extremely aggressive??
My Town is Just Weird: Part 1(repost)
The Three Horrifying Rules You Must Follow To Write The Most Popular Nosleep Story Of All Time
We found a trapdoor in our AirBnB. I haven't seen my fiancé since.
A conversation that changed my life in a moment
My power
Story of Jon and Jane
I Met a Strange Girl Wearing a Gasmask on the Side of the Highway. Nothing Has Been the Same Since.
i realized something about my dreams...
Seizures are supposed to only last a few minutes...my wife's continued for 5 straight days.
THE SIME
Why I hate ravens... (birthday special) DISCLAIMER: BAD FORMATTING (mobile)
I took a well-paying job as a nightguard for a vacation home. I received an interesting set of rules.
I think it's just me left now...
Last month I realized my friend is an insomniac. And now we are on our way to Chernobyl.
My Car Trunk Kept Opening Every Morning
Played the Ouija board
I need Help
nosleep Funny Video
I found eternal happiness while dying outside of a gas station
Dr. Sammy
I'm pretty sure this was real... I did experience it after all.
What just happened? Please help.
this plane of existence
I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force. The rules we have to follow are not what you imagine.
I think we just became part of a new ecosystem (final)
Stitch the Trained Toy Agent Pt1
The Gnome
Hello World
I'am going sober
My friends and I tried to make a short film at this old abandoned ROTC camp last summer and a bunch of weird shit happened
Click. Click. Click.
The Twitch
Cranky Craig and the Demon Inside Part 1- Origin
I just became an RA, but the dorm I've been put in isn't what I was expecting
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 2)
ARITHMANCY- PATIENT RECORD SE3308161
Screeching
weddings are not just for humans...
The Ritual that Ruined My Life
Call this number ‭+1 (408) 630-5812‬
Hosting procEss compLete. sPread commencing
I don't know what to title this, but please read it. I need your help
Does anyone know anything about the Weald Bells? (Part 1)
The Crematorium: I was abducted by a serial killer and taken to his crematorium.
The challenger of the Cynegtic Hunt 2
There is Something Wrong with the Homeless in my City
Lonely story of a girl in life
I Slept With my Window Open Last Night and I saw Something Truly Horrifying.
Grandma and the Bathroom Entity
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (entry 1)
I played a game of 'Never Have I Ever' that I Never should have played.
I'm a New Night Security Guard, I Wasn’t The Only One On Duty
Oujia Board Story
Stained 4/4
They released me on a trial program that monitors released prisoners for experimental purposes. The government wants my blood.
I do photographer as job, and am framed for girls suicide.
It's watching me.
my haunting
The cat
The Man in my Hall Closet Won't Stop Screaming
I'm stuck on an endless train track!
I keep seeing flashes of demons/I keep blacking out for hours at a time
A run in with a serial killer
My name is max, and I track dangerous unknowns
There was knocking on my door now, there's knocking outside my room.
I worked at an abnormal sleep lab in college. These are my notes. Part: Subject C-2
Cedar Hollow
My Daughter’s Mermaid Party (part 1):
I know what America did during world war 2
The train I'm on is going to Hell.
I've died seventeen times, and I'm sick of it.
I found this on a job site and don’t know what to make of it
The big bad wolf is something much worse
There's something really wrong with my neighbor, and all I can picture is his black eyes staring at me
The void
First attempt at anything even remotely creepy. Opinions?
I went into an abandoned mine, what I saw there scarred me for life
Photogenic Couple Seeks Book Cover Deal
Killing Her Softly With Its Song
The ringing in my ears...
What is happening right now.
I'm in charge of telling the story of my dear sister Evelyn
Hurricane
Toybox IV: Teeth
The man in the forest
My code name is Createda Guardian.
Got little oxygen left
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part IV: The Scarecrows
Okay, let's try again. Just try again. God, I hope it works this time.
No Pictures
I can't sleep and im going crazy
My turn.
Driveway Lights
I used to Trick People into Thinking their Homes were Haunted
The Train Station
I used to be part of a hacker group.. until I went where I shouldn't have
I found an unlisted YouTube video posted in a playlist and unearthed a cult that supposedly was shut down by the FBI over 20 years ago.
The Portal
The Average Man
Ive been having a reoccurring nightmare
I'm working on scholarship essays. Does video chatting with my brother's kidnapper count as tech experience?
I woke up as a teenager after dying at the age of 70
The Bunker Files (part 1)
Seven Years Ago I Made a Bargain With a Demon; This Demon Guy is Really Strange
The Strid Of Eachy Hill or: How Me &amp; Badger Caught A Monster
The companies neighborhood
the traveller and the troll
The Deserted Part I
I'm seeing a resurgence in the dead
The Hole In The Backdoor.
The Life That Flashes
a reaccuring nightmare
I found weird journals in the house I just bought
Beneath the Golden Pine part two - Thistle Crown
My dads google is creepy
The Man in the Barbers
My friend saw an evil clone of me in school.
They come at night.
Mdłości
To kill a God....
Grandma vs Giant Spider
The dark web
It’s All Inside my Head, It’s All Inside my Head!
I am the story collector. This is the first story from my service's free trial.
The front house neighbor
The Sleep Demons
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Part 1)
At the desert
I work at a fire lookout tower and I’ve seen some crazy stuff (2)
Day Sixty-Six of Self-Isolation
Recovered
Mr. Read's came to visit!!
OUT OF REALITY 《pt.1》
私はタスクの助けが必要です。
A Question on Allowed Content: Sci-Fi Stories
Non-germane amendment. I may have just found a way to bypass Mitch for the $2,000 stimulus checks. Read definition.
Im a security guard hired to protect an estate P8 Preperations
I’ve seen a silhouette
Hallucinogenic
Freezing the Fish in the Stream
I medically died today and I can explain what death is really like.
Tartaros Times: The Fourth Melody has been Collected on the Eastbound Train
At the Black Emperor's Court
The walls have ears??
At The Edge Of My Property: Update
My Baby Boy died.
Aliens?, They're not What you think
AMIGO
Leeching from its walls
help me please this new year
Epstein didn’t kill himself
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 2
The Andy Griffith Show
Why I No Longer Look Out The Kitchen Window
Pumpkin Patch
I think there's something wrong with my boyfriend and his parents.
I met a man who looked just like me. He has buried others who share our face too. It Gets Weirder (Part 6)
What Lives In The Boarding House
It Followed the Sun
Every month, he comes to take someone.
Something took my sister and she is never coming back.
I have learned that staying up late in my town is such a good idea.
Raid #6032
Simon
I know what it feels like to die now
Posh
How to Survive Camping: the lady in the woods
He Had Carvings In His Teeth
My Mom Waits for me to get home every night, Tonight i wish she didn’t
I’m Edwin Crowe and I Murdered My Wife
The Good Dog
There's a figure outside my house
Doctor Ingbalm
Something is leaving a curse in my backyard, what do I do?
A random kid who I don't know started chasing me through the halls
Asena
An entire town's population vanished (Part 1)
I need some advise.
I relied on a Survival Guide to get out of this building alive
If a Tree Falls in a Forest...
The Outside House
I met my brother for the first time in 20 years
Paranormal Experience in the Forest
What boredom does
I have a recurring nightmare
How to Disappear Mysteriously and Never be Found.
I dated a vegan activist
The 100th.
Almost attacked by scorpions
Slick
taxes
How to Survive Camping: I still love Bryan's dogs but omg
I've seen nothing darker...
My Mother’s Strange Habit
Trip of a Lifetime (Part II)
Creatures....
I'm not going to Koscuiszko again, even though it's the only snow in Australia
What I saw on the beachCatch me Mr. Robertson
The woman I’m babysitting for left me a strange list of rules..
Mr guy, don’t even sleep. Number 2
Psssst
Old Basement Secrets
Never play minecraft because Herobrine allways know where you are
My best friend was a bird.
My uncle’s experience with the Men in Black
Ever heard of the Demon's Shot Game?
Pt1 Dark Night
The people you meet on a ghost train (Part 1)
My uncle worked at a Coroner's office in the mid 80s. He never spoke much of it other than the fact that it was the worst period of his life. After he passed, I came across a load of journal entries. This one seemed to be among the first, but they were so scattered. He was obsessed with trains.
They told me the VHS I bought wasn't technically a snuff film. Maybe it would've been better if it was.
Dark web story...
Doug Never Left TeamSpeak - Part 1
Don't stare into your pupil for too long. Or else he will come.
The Pale Lady
The thing I encountered before came back for me....
I’m a marine archaeologist and discovered something strange deep in the ocean
My Experience at the Cult's Prison
The miracle drug that reversed late stage marrow cancer.
If a child with black eyes knocks on your door... (part 2- Final)
I made a subreddit for creepypastas
The Musician's Rebellion
A brush with death
The Man I See in the Dark
The new Illuminati doll - Ale Geisslerin
I went to meet my new neighbors, but I realized they had no facial expressions
My experience with the Ouija board
A little gift from the Star Wars program.
My friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God (Part 3)
POLICE NEED HELP FINDING MISSING TEENS IN CLACKAMAS COUNTY
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part five
I think I used to be a scientist, now I don’t even know who I am.
I need medical advice! Please, I think I might’ve hurt someone!
Woman
THE LETTER FROM MY DEAD FATHER
There are labs you dont know about
I cyberbullied a police officer and his family.
check it out if you wanna no if there's life after death
Sequoia
What you are living in is not real
She Loved Strawberry Marshmallows
I don't remember writing in my dream journal. Then why is it filled out in my handwriting?
Anyone else played the break in game ?
Tulips
Weird Day At Church
I think Slenderman was in my room 2 years ago...
My friend's family talked to a ghost
I'm Dead but I'm not even sure anymore
I'm autistic and have had some weird dreams as a result.
Please, Never Lucid Dream
Tell Them
Nameanagram Tales: The tormenting of Anna Aveddeva.
Unorthodox Vault experience. (Part 1)
My new Alexa Dot asked if I Wanted to Activate a Security Alert Feature, Then It Did Something It Shouldn't Have.
Ancient gods contacted me, I should not have listened.
I was born without parents
I’m a Wildlife Ranger at America’s Largest Blackwater Swamp. Now I’m Trapped Here.
The Demon Seed
do not resist the voices
I’m Being Chased by a 8 Ft. Tall Man
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Meeting a Prince of Hell (part 6)
Help me understand what happened last night
This is not a love story
The night I did way too much acid, was separated from my friends, put in a hospital, and spent 2 nights sleeping on the streets.
The Lockdown made me take on a random job offer.
I woke up in a room without a clock
My Grandfather's Horrors
I'm not being erased. I'm being recruited. (part 2)
Last week I went hiking, I'll never recover.
I met a Titan on the bus today.Our conversation was terrifying
Babysitter (Call 2**-5**-****)
Below Site ██
I just play video games but my neighbor found the ”cure” to cancer.
The Eyeberry Bush
Give me your Minecraft account Please
Best creature??
Hunt
The Cemetery Incident
I Think My Wife Has Been Replaced
Molasses Ranch
My brother killed her, after she turned into a snake creature.
I designed an AI to give us the solution to Climate Change. The answers it gave were horrifying.
I was dead for three minutes and I saw the destination for people like me.
Short but quick true story
Podcast looking for stories
To call upon a witch
The worst summer of my life (or how I learned the hard way Pokémon isn’t the key to winning the heart of a beautiful girl)
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - Bound by skeletons
I am stuck in 8:52 AM. Please help me.
The Drowning Experiment
The Lady with Blue Hair and Eyes
I'm being stalked and probably developing PTSD
I'm a Philly cop and my friend killed a house part 2
Most HAUNTED ASYLUM in Australia | GHOST Wanted to STAB me at Aradale Lu...
A story from my childhood
I work as a private contractor for a security firm. There's a reason we always check the employees shift schedule.
I Witnessed the Death of an Angel- Part 3. Finale.
What happened in the night
The Headaches
Living in my grandparents house
Who's Your Friend?
How I almost died working with my step dad
If a new app shows up on your device that you don’t recognize, do not open it.
If I am indeed a security guard, I don't remember
How to Survive Camping: when land becomes old
My son wanted to tell me something, but all he did was cry
The box we found the summer before high school (part 3)
I think I've got demons in my old house (part two)
The Scarecrow Won't Stop Staring At Me
Anton’s KeyHow can I prove, that I'm from the future?
They found me...
I wasn't always the quiet kid
Where is my Wife?
Something was messing with my lights at 4 in the morning
95.5 Laketown radio
NeverGales Chapter 1
This was supposed to be a two-day job. (Part-1) (NSFW/Trigger Warning)
We Should All Fear The Old Horns. Autor:Elias_Witherow
Life and Death at the Mullins Funeral Home Pt II
A Drug Called Innocence- FINAL
My name is Emily. I have been trapped here for god knows how long. Please help me.
Don't Look At The Moon
Whispers
COVID-19 RESEARCH SURVEY (U.S. 18+)
Something went terribly wrong during my nightly pre-sleep ritual
I used to hear a tapping at my window
If you can hear footsteps it has already heard you.
Incident Report: 6-25-1993 – The Screwdriver
"My Nightmare in Anne King's Close." By Alexander DesCombes
I work at a short Time care in Germany and my nightshifts are getting weirder and weirder....
I thought this is a subreddit for insomniacs
The Maddening of Men
The Case of Marshall Jacobs (Part I)
What makes a good horror story captivating to you?
Sanitary Work With a Side of the paranormal (part 2)
Hiking Alone (Part 2)
A wendigo is watching me
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 11)
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (Part 4)
My name is Natalie Hart, And I'm dead.
The Night Drive
We found an impossible village near the Rocky Mountains- part 2
My parents bought me a spot at Clear Minds, and whether I want to or not, I'll be receiving their wonder drug.
Part one of two. My personal experience with a haunted house
The Backroom (Part 1)
DO NOT LOOK UP.
I found a notebook filled with information about "anomalies"
My best friend lives in the mirror
Strange hallucination I had as a child.
Tales of a Ride Sharing Driver
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans?
I know how Everyone Dies.. Including You
I just got married! Wanna know my secret to finding your perfect partner?
I get the same nightmare once in a while, it happened today again
Arachnophobia
The howling was scary, but it’s worse now that it stopped
The Trees: Nightmare Poem
Comfort Food
Best Title of 2020 Voting Thread
Brisco Co. is hiring in your local area! Click here for more details.
I think a haunting was placed upon me? (ADVICE ON WHAT TO DO IS MORE THAN WELCOME!) *THIS IS REALLY HAPPENING TO ME, I JUST DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO DO OR WHERE ELSE TO GO*
Creepy Woman Ran Towards My Window
Every night, the same man appeared in my dreams. One day I tried giving him form. It seemed like a fun idea at the time…
I Had a Nightmare
My battalion has been sent on a mission but we don't know what for (Part 1)
Don't trust what they say. The fog isn't dangerous, it's what's saving us.
I read my father's journals, and to keep myself froming going insane, and I have to build... A "mind palace?" (Part 6)
halloween horror
If you're ever planning a trip to Thailand, just remember swimming through water filled caves is a BAD idea
I grew up around ghosts in the Caribbean pt. 1
A story that happened to my dad at the hospital where he works.
Chudo-Yudo, or why Russians keep so many nukes in the Ural Mountains
Help me kill my nephew
Hades Tunnel
The Ones I Keep (Part 1)
A friend asked me to run his hotel. I shouldn't have agreed.
I am nothing, and yet, I am here.
A Corpse’s Mistake
Two Short Stories
Murderous Forest?
Psychic Prediction and possession!
I saw the Moon collapse in on itself. Everyone did. Why am I the only one who remembers what happened? Why did we forget?Barnacles
An old friend asked me to investigate weird things going on inside his house, now I wish I hadn't (Part 1)
A dimple in her right cheek.
Dogtown
Scariest Nightmare
My brother's twentieth birthday party is the last one I'll ever attend.
A trapdoor in my house leads... somewhere (Part 2)
I Met a Demon in My Dreams
I'm a pregnant virgin and I don't think this thing inside of me is human
I just lost my virginity, but I was wondering if every penis does this.
Don’t let them in.
Oppenheimer Blues
My Garage Door
This is the Way
Sleepless nights
The Boy Who Cried Wolf.
"Hello, Nine-Triple-One, how may I help you?"
Don't talk to the Disney World mascots at closing time.
Need help with a demanding tenant
Late Night Driver
Ashes in the Hallways
Interview with Ellen Caudill - PROPERTY OF BLOUNT COUNTY POLICE DEPARTMENT
My name is Jack Mason and I'm an innocent man
Something is wrong with my twin sister...
Bloodbather
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for Rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 4)
I am a professional voyeur
I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus
Chapter 1 "I can't unsee this"
LEECHES
Curse of The Revenant: Chapter 1: Awoken
TRUE STORY - I saw a djinn.
My Guardian Angel Murders for Me
Doppelganger Weirdness
I've woken up by an emergency notification, now I'm isolated. #1 *FIXED*
Have you seen him?
We were invited to a school reunion, but the GPS took us to a graveyard.
A Man Was Chasing My Sister's Friend (True Story)
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Thirteen)
Do Not Push the Red Button
Coronavirus Pandemic | Quarantined on Cruise Ship
Dancing on the Lake
Shoo Fly, Don't Hunt Me
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: the Mummified Worshipper
The sleepover
Introduction
I won't take walks through my local part at night anymore
The Pikes Peak Devil
(TRIGGER WARNING) Beneath the Willow Tree
Is there a list created of all accounts that have been confirmed to be true?
Spirits From The Dark Web
I asked my grandfather about his time in the military, and I’m wishing that I didn’t.
My grandpa didn’t die from a heart attack
Does anyone know what "4 buckets of black clams" means? Help
The beast in the trees
My cats disappeared...But new ones exactly like them appeared
The One Who Takes Children
Ohio Midnight
The Cursed DVD
The shadows amongst the trees
My weird family tradition could kill us.
New In Town
My house has a monster
Every person has his dark spots covered with spider webs
The Island
Please subscribe
Endscreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children
Natzweiler, 1944
I've been working as a rescuer for 20 years.Now,i gotta to tell you something.Part I
The cloaked person
Out of Hand
Lock Your Doors (Part 1)
I Met A Dancing Demon In The Woods, And I Think It's Going To Kill Me.
I'm the wife...someone is living in my house
Unforgivable Sin
I found a note in my old college stuff. I never should have looked at it. Part II - No Escape
How do we use this
It’s lovely outside
I won the lottery... I wish I hadn't
A Letter of Apology
It’s the End of the World and It’s our Fault
Hmm.
I don't think my mom is my mom
I Used to Play God For a Living. The Last Creature We Made Was Unholy.
Have You Ever Seen This AirBnb Listing?
Real Encounter With Tall White Figure
It'll break your heart to know how dogs are treated in this community.
My Daughter Is Singing Christmas Carols Wrong
My mother told me of the Elder Things
a fate worse than death
A Long Drive Home
The Farmer’s Doll
The Mirror Man : #1
Singularity
The Nightmare Sequence.
Red Onset (Part Two)
So I played The Midnight Game
My family has been hungry for weeks, but we never asked for this.
I bought an ocarina from the Dark Web. It changed my life forever.
The Resident Nerd
Am I a monster?
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 5)
Texts from a Friend - Initial situation
The boy disappeared into the forest...
Our Serpentine Mother that Craves Asphyxiation (Part One)
BASA CHELOVEK (BASE "HUMAN")
The Santa At My Local Mall Is Acting Strange
He died 3 days ago. I recall his funeral procession last year.
I saw a bright flashlight shining at my house
Creepy noises from the attic story
The Chisher Cat is real pt 1
Rain and a White Crow Locket
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 12)
this girl changed my life.
It's Always Watching teaser
The Astaroth Case Files: The Fallen Ones
Spring
My Short Career as a Bodyguard
Scary little girl in front of my bed
The Christmas Killer
My old Pet Gregor.
For Most of My Life, I've Been Followed By a Woman Covered in Blood
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. Today I opened it and went inside. These are the tools of death that I found there.
A dream I had
The Strobe
never ben charged with a cime
Summer of 1964 my 55 year old story
The night I almost got murdered
Physical pain from dmt trip
Consumed
What did he want from us?
Do you know what it feels like to be a corpse?
I think I am going insane for not being able to explain it.
A ghost(ish) story, make of it what you will.
Farmer Pete's Haunted Kids Corn Maze
I always sleep with my lights on.
This Episode
I learned more about the Haunted house I work for
My stalker and the egg theory.
Spooky chanting in Elysian Park tonight
He told me his wife died of cancer... Here's how I found out he lied.
Koda
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer (Hacking into the ~~Laptop~~ Desktop)
Watchtower #4
I'm not from this universe. This is all new to me.
The Raggedy Man
There's a train station beyond the end of the line. I wish I hadn't found it.
My Friend’s encounter with a dogman
only few understand, what fear means
YouTube.com/sixsixseven
I want to get a book report..
The Black Bars
Do Be Afraid Of The Dark
I took pills to die and instead gained immortality
Marble Laughter
The owls watch part 2
My Neighbors Take Halloween a Little Too Seriously...
I Have A Daughter And She Won't Stop Screaming
I’m a new witch and I think I made a massive mistake
I Just Moved into a New House - Something Isn't Right (Part Three)
Scary elderly woman holding a candle through a forest
Abducted
I’m Farmer Ray, and every so often I have to play a game of detective and murderer with my animals
The hospital I started to work at has a 100% success rate (finale)
I stole a cool skull from my friends church home lawn
Participating in a real life Battle Royale
I feel like im in sleep paralysis. I'm not.
Lickety-Split
I worked at a Christian summer camp. I now believe in demons (Part 9)
I’m home-alone, and there’s something in the furnace room
I work for the anti-cryptid special ops
A story about joy and happiness instead.
Goner...
The OTHER Skyler
Belial
Amazing story about the dog from animal crossing
First time that I do not sleep through the night for work related reasons, what to expect for the upcomming day?
Just to spite them.
I used to be a thug in Russia during the nineties. One evening made me quit.
My next door neighbor is serial killer?
''Fellwood Creek-The happiest camp in the country''
hocus pocus is real!
{ Lady of || the Clouds } II r/Nosleep
I chased a UFO until it landed. What I saw come out of it will haunt me forever.
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 5
When I sleep, It will come.
The Cats In My Neighborhood Aren't Normal.
I should have quit my job at the movie theater
I just want to know if this a paranormal thing?
I just graduated from medical school, and it turns out that every rule on my list has a meaning
My grandpa and his friends hunted down a werewolf in the 1960's.
I won't be eaten. Not now, not ever.
Ass Hat
I'm an explorer at heart, but I just want this expedition to end.
Sniper that lived across from me
Household rules (my first post on this subreddit and I'm not an author no, flair I dont care if this gets removed)
Garbage vs Scum
My mother always called Dorothy my imaginary friend, but the truth was far more tragic...
757-555-7633
The smiling girl. THIS IS NOT REAL
Light Below Everfall #2
Don't buy Overwatch
This one talks about how cruelly and horrifically humans cause harm to me and how i feel about it...
Sometimes there are little men
The Monkey from Mexico
I scared myself in the mirror
Pushing down on me, pressing down on you
NoSleep - A Reddit Experiment.
She hunts on Halloween
The Captain's Daughter
Experiment #4722. Also known as Extreme Mental Isolation.
My Child's Going To Live With His Momma
School Hiking Rules
The Book of Autonomancy: A Spell for Freedom from Social Media (Part 3)
I work on a cruise ship and everyone is missing from the morgue.
My new family (part 1)
M.E., Part 1
The Hunted (Part 3)
I got my friend a job, and I think maybe I got him killed
My Dad Works Nights
Ear Infection
I've discovered an old bedroom in my attic... UPDATE 1
The world ended yesterday, but most people don’t remember it
Index.
I came to investigate my friends house to see if she is there. She has not been seen for 2 weeks. {Part 2}
Poltergeist experience at music camp
Memoirs of an Incubus Part One
Please read my experience and let me know what you think of my account. In all seriousness don't reply unless your sincere, Ma'am/Sir.
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me another case he can't wrap his head around.
I investigate the link between monsters and missing people. Not all grieving mothers are the same.
Under the Floorboards
What Would You Do For A Klondike Bar?
I learnt about my son's powers in the worst way
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan's Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 3)
I Met The Beast, And I Think Its Contagious
The Devil's Family (my neighbors)
The Exorsize Bike
We Weren't Allowed to be Out After Dark in my Hometown (Part 1)
Coronavirus made us ALL forget something important...
St. Gideon's sanatorium {part 1}
The Third Eye Person
I was brushing my teeth in a dream in my bathroom
So many stories. This is no story. This is how the 'zombie' apocalypse will start.
Silent Crickets
I Hunt Something?
We found an impossible village near the Rocky Mountains
Our experiment went terribly wrong...
My freezer steals my weed which is bad but it also eats people, which is worse.
It’s gone now (1/2)
I think my neighbors are sick chapter 3 "King County"
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Part One
Longest Week of My Life
I died over a year ago. I just woke up (Part 3)
I lived on a farm, and I have some stories to tell.
The Creek of A Thousand Corpses
I'm in love
She's always there
The man that hides behind shadows
My girlfriend vanished for a month. When she came back, she refused to tell anyone what happened to her.
Heat Lightning
Hibernaculum of the Unsleeping
The Mirror Collection
my mother, of alabaster and gold.
I think I think I might have found the first ever cryptocurrency mining farm.
The Puddle of DeathYou
Midnight Festival
I'm Sorry, Dad
Discord server link for Dark Somnium HELP!
Here's a little story for you to read.
The game me and my son play...
Real Horror Story !!
Horror Stories YOUTUBE CHANNEL for SALE!
Cloudless Thunder and the Microwave
The man in the sewer (PT 1)
I woke up this morning and everyone in my town was gone (Part 1)
Something followed me in the snow. Every time I tried to look at it directly, it disappeared.
Psych Ward Horror Story
I don't know how long they've been here
My daughter has candles in her bedside drawer
The Hotel Of Kings Page
I work at an aquarium and something bad is happening (part 2)
A car chased me through the desert. What it wanted is something I'll never forget.
The Gym Is Still Open
I Investigate Cryptids, There Is Something Much Worse Then Bigfoot Hiding In Willow Lake
The man in the attic
My Father Survived The Chair of Truth
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity - Final Part
Never hope you end up in section Washington 13 at camp Yaugoouh
The hidden room in my dads old house
Something's in my house.
So I HAD an amazing girlfriend until this happened
There’s Something Off About My New Neighbor
Never drinking in that log cabin ever again...
sleep chin strap women
I never should’ve given them my email.
The Rocking Horse
I’m a contestant on a new baking show. Bad baking will definitely get me killed. (Part 2)
I work at a family entertainment centre and the ball-pit keeps trying to replace me
I found a cursed album on the dark web. TRACK 2 taught me about the power of words.(Unus Annus) Idk how I can still remember this, but it still sends chills (real story).
The Minster Bells Weep - My law firm have given me a set of rules.
The Aphantasia Phantom (Part 2)
Contemplating on life
A Vulgar Picture
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – The Horror at Hoia Forest (part 4)
I dreamt of corridors and my footsteps aren't the only ones anymore
“Welcome Home, Honey” - (A Home Invasion Story)
I might be going to prison for what I did out in the woods.
I can’t leave this labyrinth
"Say your fucking lines"
My apartment was the cheapest rental in the city. Today I found out why
My Reoccurring nightmare has gone on 4yrs
I want to walk.
A Strange Note
Dancing Devil
There is a stench in the air...
Weird Website
A figure of Blood and Knife
My wife died, i think she really didn't Pt2.
Mummys other friends
Something is following me, and it takes the shape of a different person each time
My Dead Twin
I Know Why People Go Missing...
The Maw is coming for me
How I Became The Mother of Gods
What is reality?
Come On Down to Albert's Corn Maze for a Hauntingly Good Time!
Please don’t upvote
This week I begin my new job(the welcome packet for my new job worries me)
I shot up a school, went back in time, and now I'm talking with my victims (1)
Trip Down Ol Memory Lane
I'm a failure
I Matched With Myself On Tindr
Like an addiction
America's Secret 51st State
Updates from the Pig Pen: The New Recruit.
There's a lab that pretends to research a cure for cancer. It's time they were exposed. | part 3, final
I have proof thatproofreads
The Snowman Killer
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 5
Astral projection disruption
The Yule Lads Diary's
Why am I the only one who doesn’t remember Alison-Kate?
A boy.
Three Shootings
My baby daughter is trying to kill me-Update
Don't drink the water.
How to Survive Camping: rusalki's week
I think I met a demon that wanted to take me down with it in the cemetery.
How to survive in Hell
There's a Reason Nobody Knows What Goes on in the Midwest
Trust me, you don't want a big milky mommy girlfriend
Your Eyes Only
We have to stop burying the Dead!
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THE APP SQUAD!!!
We Ordered Pizza From The Deep Web
I Interviewed a Man Claiming to be God, this is the Terrifying thing he told me
That morning, my best friend vanished.
Theres a creature in my house, Please help (Part 2)
Looking for a thread
My Ritual Keeps Bad Things From Happening
What happened to Tik Toker @User1010101075?
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like humans? (Part 4)
Purchasbles
Dr.Warly, where are you?!
The bots
Somebody tried to kill me when I was young. A monster saved my life.
November 13th, 1943
Nyctophobia Means the Fear of the Night
A terrifying experience in boy scouts
The Swapping Game
For the past few weeks, I’ve been semi-consciously sleepwalking, and I think I’m going to end up hurting someone.
The reason I'm never going to babysit again. Ever. Pt 2
I’m a dentist for monsters. The Baby and the Beast.
I Have Travelled Through Time And Reached The End Of All Things
Drunk Hauntings (Part 1)
I received a letter addressed to the previous owner of my new house, and now I wish I hadn't moved (Part 1)
I have a condition where I can't recognize faces, I don't know if I will ever be able to trust anyone ever again.
Demon in you.
This a real story.
I used to live in an extremely haunted house
Kangaroos Got Me Fired And Worse
I’m fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media (part 5): The Black Concerto
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 3)
MY HAUNTED NIGHTMARES
my town is haunted pt. 1
I'm just a low-level drug mule, but I'm begging you: Do not try the Special Sauce.
I decided to take an unconventional job during this pandemic
I am a patchwork man who was made by the Nazis in WWII, and I have one hell of a story to tell...
Not everyone is who they portray
The Truth about Mr. H
wait? what the hell is that!?
The Thing Which Stalks Deer in the NightPrison is Fear
Attic light coming on at 3am
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle
I got my flu vaccine for the first time in 10 years...
I'm a member of a security task-force. I've been sent on a mission I can't explain.
I am calling to all Kinrai to rise up. The humans have chosen war
Drawing
I was an estate manager for the Illuminati. This is my story.
A Broken Window Can Mean Many Things
An entitled parent wants my 3DS, and now everyone else wants it too. (1)
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore.
The Truth Behind Hipster Potato
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 6)
I watch people in cages (Part 3)
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 5) FINAL
Don't Come to Our Speakeasy. We offer a Special kind of Service.
Its happening.
I woke to a person's face peeking out of my bathroom
I need a new place to stay.
The Beast of Cairn Gorm by Mick Dark
Do you need job in US?
I've been kidnapped please help me
I became the Government's Mistake
A face in the crowd
For The Thrills
I work at an very abnormal cafe
Realm of Anubis
My 6 hour plane journey won’t end. Help.
Moved in with a very nice couple last month, but things are really fucked up now.
Just a myth
No One Told Me Ghosts Can Fall In Love - P.1
Homemade
The oldest and more powerful secret society that everyone has missed...
Upload complete
My Personal Experience Of Being Kidnapped
The only story my Grandfather ever told me about his childhood, is also the story about the last thing he ever saw before going blind.
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke (Part 6)
I don't think my Grandfather was from here - PART 3
Yesterday:
A strange dream
My experience in juvenile prison will haunt me for life.
A Demon visited me in A dream... And I woke with its bruises on me
The Investigation of Bernardette Parker
Our dream honeymoon on the cruise ship took a turn for the worse...
?
On Halloween Night, We Were Attacked By Killers In Insidious Costumes
Silverstone Inc. (Part One)
Memories of the false.
I think my roommate is possessed?
Believe it or Not
Childhood Memories and The Tree
Witch Hekeda
Inhale. Exhale. I repeat these words only to remain alive.
Perennial
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea.
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong.
I bought one half of a best friends necklace
Nordfrankreich, 1916
The beast that almost got us
J Mai is, quote, a "Black-Vietnamese, transgender nonbinary/gender transcendent mermaid Queen-King currently living out their ever-evolving truths in Winston-Salem." J Mai spoke at the DNC, advocating to abolish prisons abolish the police, and said the ultimate goal is a communist utopia. Thoughts?
Waiting for the bus and raising your hand in class can help fate make hard decisions
I Used to Investigate the Occult: Khaibit
Once Upon a Time with some Weed
My Tank Division made an emergency detour.
Vice Essentials.
I Work At An Aquarium. Don’t Take Your Kids To “See The Fishes”
The Ouija Board (Happened IRL, 2013-2015)
My name is Remy Lake and my last mission sent me to Green Leaf, the haunted forest.
Corporate Life Isn't So Bad
The new ice cream man in my town seems to be hiding something sinister.
Never play slither.io without some sort of protection
I’m hooked on this game called Literal Death Battles. BIG MISTAKE. (PART 1)
The K*****b**h Horror House: spooky tales from the newsroom (Part 1)
Whatever you do, don't ever hang your hands off the edge of the bed
Do not use the elevators (Part 3)
The Peculiar Outbreak on East Timber Parkway
When I was 12 I held a séance for someone who didn't exist.
Every Time I Sleep, I Wake Up In Another Dimension
There's Something in my Childhood Bedroom...
A confession from the 1%
Chased Out Of The Woods At Night By A Creature
The Lionhead
Substitute. (Part 5)
Someone has been airdropping me pictures
I went camping with my friends, and a stranger joined our group unnoticed.
My sister and II shot a deer and now I’m being hunted
The Sometimes Tower
Somehow the animatronics at “Jurassic Jungle Boat Ride” moves despite being shut down
My girlfriend is a psychopath and she's ruining my life - Part 1/2
Something is Playing with the Fairy Lights in my Room (Long)
Train Track Ghost
No one around me will believe me, and I don't know where else to talk about this.
I really thought you were the one.
I caused a coronavirus mutation
Never play games on the dark web. Part one: The Black hoodie.
I'm stuck in a time loop and weird things are occuring
A creepy TikTok page
Excerpt from my memoirs
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (Part 1)
My Sister and I Stayed Up Late to See Santa. Something Else Came Instead.
Clown Chase
Joy Ride: Part 1
The man under the streetlight
The Late-Night Shift
The footsteps outside my door.
I Killed a Man to Escape a Snowstorm
Buying Time: Story of the boy who was running out of time
My friends and I are spending a week living in the same house, and some weird things are starting to happen: Day 1
I Learned What I'm Worth
I've got a life sentence
I'm never backpacking again
The times i experienced Jinns
I met Casper the friendly ghost!!!(extremely scare)(WILL GIVE U NIGHTMARES)
October 22nd, 2020.
my strange brithmarks are starting to glow.
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 2)
I live in a wild, beautiful place, but things have gotten a little too wild lately.
We Weren't Allowed to be out After Dark in my Hometown. (Part One)
We Were Superheroes (Finale)
The most haunting 911 call I've ever responded to.
The Dark Harvest (Cole 006)
Close-mouthed
Stay away from the moon in Cape Noesc
Alexa, stop playing
They keep saying cutis ad ipsum deum...
The thing in the corner of your eye is real...
You should be more worried about the spiders you are NOT swallowing. All the gases we breathe are insect ghosts retaining their original form, but as gases now, jostling for nothing.
HELP, I'm not the only me and I'm running out of time
There was something in the bathroom
The Hole in Redfall Park (&amp; whatever it was that came with it)
Redneck-Midget-Ninja-Clowns from the Underworld.
The Loss of a Child
Commandment Zero: “Thou shalt not disturb those which came before you, for they hold the key to both your rise and your demise.”
Chopped Steak
Having Fun...?
The road which we all must walk
I created a robot that uses no power source. Only, I have no idea how I did it.
The Outsiders: The Price You Pay. Part Two.
The Means to an End.
I Was Forced To See Through The Eyes Of A Murderous Man
Minecraft_Dec.EXE
An Infectious Delusion
My son is missing and I know where he is...but I need your help to get him back
A Girl I Went to School with, Left Me Her Dollhouse in Her Will.
2426 Blaisdell Ave: Apartment 7
Trump Ficked America
The Knocks Came From Inside
Boys will be boys.
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children
Bunk buddys
Seafood allergy
My Stay Inside the Lands of Terror
My Late Sister's Journal (CW: Sexual Violence, Suicide)
Witch Diaries 2
There’s tall black figure in the mist, I think it’s watching me...
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 6)
My brother made up a clown and then something wanted to get into my house
Voices Over the Radio
The alarm clock that wakes up your evil side
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart
I Boarded an Airplane to Orlando and Exited…Not in Orlando
Kuchisake-onna
The Window
These... things are invading my everyday life, but everyone thinks i'm insane.
The Desert
I was a ghost hunter for just one day
I Think Someone Tried To Break In Earlier
Clipped wings
I'm the disillusioned creator of the grisly 'Raggedy Man' series. I fear my creations have come to life...
The Chris Cross Killer
The Man in The Three Piece Suit
Someone broke into my house last week.
I can see dead Irish people. My calling in life has become a curse.Wake up at once it you see Isabella!
Death: The origin
If you see a man with crooked antlers, don't listen to the screams.
Farming Can Be Tough
Have you learnt if drug buyers guide is valid or even otherwise ?
Have you every played Duck, Duck, Death?
The Ice Bridge-A small town story
I Received a Strange Letter in the Mail Today
There is something wrong with site Zulu (part 2)
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing
This is what no sleep makes me do UGHH
Successful Integrated Transport Procedure
My experiences with Gui Da Qiang (part 2)
The Unknowable Ones, Part 2 (Ending)
I can’t leave my house without these damn cats following me.
My Sister and I Tried to Catch the Tooth Fairy - A Warning
Its called the knock knock game
I didn't think she would go that far.
Remember who you are...
Don't Trust the Abandoned Hotel
Urgent: From Faust Mountain Installation
One way to make a deal with the Devil is to play his medley, but it doesn't work for everyone.
I started working in an elementary school recently and maybe it’s just my imagination, but something weird is happening..
A strage dream (actually happened)
House firesMy Friend’s YouTube Career
Mommy passed away, but she still won’t leave me alone
When I was younger, my parents always spoke about how I would talk to myself. Now my own child is doing it, in the exact same house.
Red Room (Japanese Urban Legend)
I applied to become a night-time custodian at the local elementary school. There was a set of rules I had to follow.
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland... and tonight I set sail out into the darkness.
I somehow accidentally got into some psychiatrist's email account and the emails he's getting from patients are really weird
Another Ouija board story
Solitude (NSFW)
Has anyone's vision ever been stuck?
He took Over my Life
I am used to late night visitors, but my latest client gave me chills.
I'm A Manager at A Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 4)
I think my friend became too obsessed with some local unresolved murder cases...
My father's basement - part 2
The missing shadow
Don't go behind private doors.
Tartarus
I am the most BEAUTIFUL
The witch in the lake
The Neptune Series Part 1 and 2 "The Nights Slave" and "The Real Reason The Police Station is Abandoned"
The Wild Hunt: Urban Style (REVISED) - Part 1
I’m vegan for 364 days out of the year, but then Halloween arrives.
The Curse of the Pink Skull. (Captain D'laney's Fate.)
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; I finally told my boss about these crazy kids
Oh this is very spooky bruh
My dead friend
Sara Sarita wont leave me.
Every day is the same
I feel crazy...am I really the only one!?
Why I will never use Tor or visit the Deep Web.
Киска
My Son's WeddingIf you contract a demon to your soul... be careful.(pt.2)
I'm 10 and this was scary
I started therapy and now my tattoos are changing.
My friend and I made “ghost pornography” for fun. It’s not funny anymore
Peach Grove, Texas is being eaten alive
Question about Penpal
One Winner Puzzle.
Sometimes I can't find daddy.
The Painful Childhood
"Be Thankful if You're One of the Ones Awake" -- Narrated
SCP statue of death
Crazy man tries to get into a closed McDonald's
I need help pleas help me
heya guys!
High Hedgerows
He Keeps Banging His Head on my Door
I took a leak and saw hell.
So yeah, I don't celebrate Christmas anymore.
I brought a hooker to my hotel room
The Monster That Dwells In the Bog.
I have a lot to tell.
I was Born with Two Faces
Full House
Does anyone remember this paranormal game?
the boy in the red jacket
The Smiths' Game
The thing that screams in the corn at night
They Know. They Watch. Always.
Do not revisit childhood memories, Part 3
I think I know what happens after death
I went on a camping trip with my friends and am noticing some weird stuff
I saw someone die tonight, but not for the first time
Anxiety can be a real killer.
Lock your doors don’t let anyone in
Jolly Hoyt
Forgotten Past Part 1
The Wet Lady
This man has been waving at me for the past week... every night he gets closer.
Tracked
A face appeared on my wall and gets closer every night.
I saw my picture on thispersondoesnotexist
The Trees Have More Than Eyes
Somehow the “Jurassic Jungle Boat Ride” functions even when it’s broken down. Part 1
Looking for personal experience stories with terror!
Something touched me inappropriately
Death can change a person
CANADIAN CARDER
SG9saWRheSBkZWNpZXZlcg
I consent to this studyAn Incident off the Coast of Baja, California, 1959
Dead ears
This Asylum was only visited Once
Has anyone heard of Mr. Night?
Thispersondoesnotexist.com
The American Psychiatric Association is much worse than we thought
Am I alive?
56,000 flue deaths a year is normal
PLAYING THE OUIJA BOARD - GONE WRONG!
Crazy minds tear apart themselves
Helen Harrison used to make Christmas cookies
A Strange Hospital...
I found an entry log that belonged to a dark scientist, I think the book is cursed!
Something I've Observed
The Caves In Oklahoma (Part 1-6)
Knock first
I thought I was done sleep walking
Unethical life pro tip: how to get home when you've missed the last train – the lady in white (part 2)
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night over, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 3 - end)
Collateral Beauty
My coffee is made for me in the morning. I live alone.
The crimes I may have committed
I'm stuck in my high school.
The Special Hunting Shop
General Rantish
I'm a private detective who has never solved a case. My reputation rests on covering up a murder.
My mother had Capgras Delusion. 40 years later, I found out that she was right.
How it all started
I work for a private bio-engineering company, and I’m clearing my sins.
Ticking
I have six minutes before "someone" takes over my life.
The Monkey that Saved My Life
What they got was too good for them
The thing in my backyard
My Dead Dog's Estranged Wife Keeps Tagging me on Habbo Hotel: Part 6/12
I've discovered the only thing I'm afraid of nestled deep in the Amazon rainforest.
The Oblivion Project
6-E-Q-U-J-5
I can communicate with my self from other parallel dimensions?
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: An unfortunately early morning excursion (Apartment B)
OCD
Faking It
I am not here
No cars come in or out of the Oak Mountain housing development
I am the merchant.
My grandpa served in both World Wars. He died dozens of times
Sweet sisters with secrets~
I'm a pilot and I traveled to a different dimension (part 2)
Don't turn off the light
Charlie
EA Sports. It really IS in the game
I almost died....until I heard her
staying out late
My old friends and I decided to reconnect. When we did, we discovered something horrifying.
I live a double life. And I’m tired.
I Am A High School Teacher and Had to Stay Late At School
She Waits Upon The Coastal Road
I keep hearing and seeing an emergency broadcast that no one else can
You see the craziest things as a small town cop. Today, the sky came alive. That’s where the tentacles come from.
Anxieties
We found something and they won't tell us what it is.
Okay here’s some explaining.
I just wanted to read...
Does anyone else hate those snapchat filters?
Those lights..
I just had some dreams
I just wanna go home
Clicker Training
This time, the sleep paralysis episode was really, really different, and now I’m on the verge of insanity now...
The rumors of a cave in the dunes were true. We should have stayed away.
I started an incel chatroom and found love. HONEST!
My Grandma's Stare
They Took Me To A Mental Hospital Where People Disappear Every Thursday Part 4 (final)
The Show
The Arctic Spider
Legacy (Chapter 1)
WHAT POLISH POLICE DID TO MY WIFE'S DEAD BODY ON THE 30/5/2020.
Swim Lessons
My Hometown by the Sea
Has Anyone On Here Ever Eaten Boiled Peanuts? "The Rules of the Road" Recommends You Do.Things Like This Don't Happen Here
Am I Crazy? (Long story)
My town buries people at night.
I Think Our Universes Traded Places. Please Seek Me Out Immediately.
Why I No Longer Enjoy Gardening.
k
I want to kill myself without pain and immediately how do I do that
Dear, killer.
This thing took my friend before the green eyes got to me
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something.
A Documentation of the Weird Events in my Corner Store (Pt. 1)
We met on the Internet
The dark angel ( part 1)
Don’t Ski On Walker Mountain
The factory in town has been doing some shady stuff
Me and my friend went on a trip to Las Vegas Nevada, and we got into area 51.
’m an architect that works in renovation. Don’t do ritual games in old buildings. You don’t know what you’ll meet.
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 3)
We created the perfect human being
Little Dancer
ya'll will sleep for 30% of your life and cry for 20%
They, part I
The Corpus Arcade - Skull stacker
The Story of My Death
I Have been told by a psychic that I will die today, And I am not sure if I believe them or not.
The God of the Playground
I think something might be wrong with my dog?
Bad encounter
Driving instructor
Pin Drop Cave
Dispatch Sent Me to Wheaten Woods
WEAREWEED
Homer that hammers
Will I find help here
I think I Married Satan (part three)
I was given a miniature scale model village and weird things keep happening in it.
My grandmother warned me about painting my nails red. I didn't listen and now I have to pay the price.
Don't Mess with The War Dogs
The creature of the disk
They are watching us and no one knows anything about it.
Scarecrows
Diary of a Wimpy Kid
The Watcher
I would trade anything to see him again. Even a life.
A cold day at the hole in the wall strip club. (Final)
I might have awakened the Ending.
My Family Have Had Their Memories Replaced (Part 2)
I need help finding my favorite NoSleep story of all time. Please help.
I walked around to the trunk and what I saw shocked me...
my employer left me rules for babysitting. i’m getting nervous. (Part 1)
I spoke in the woods, it spoke back.
The Children of Woodharrow Park
All Barns Are Haunted
I Know Too Much, and I Want It To Stop.
How to survive the New Jersey turnpike: Your guide to all manner of paranormal threats between US 40 and 46
Sunrise
I got an arranged marriage. Now I'm running for my life.
(part one) The creature in the tunnel
My friends and I made a mistake
The Monster in the Woods..
TRUE STORY, my primary school teacher found with child pornography of us students, and he’s walking free.
Wriggling (part one)
My Own Haunted House
Evangeline P. 1
A man who commited suicide is coming for me.
Something’s wrong with my neighbour, they won’t stop staring at me through their window.
I’m a Caver. Yesterday on my exploration I found a disturbing letter that halted our expedition...
There's a Planet Behind the Sun
The Town No More
They investigated an abandoned mental hospital, something that was going on in there just isn't right
My Family Is Hiding A Sinister Secret
The Disappearance of Mia Dahl
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. And there is much worse on its way. Part V
Floorboards
Moby is dead
The only interview I regret
SUPER horrible life story that really happened to my online friend. I warn you, it is disturbing to read or know about
I work with dogs.
Hello, Stranger
If you hear music from behind the curtains, don't look!
The other time I saw the man with the top hat.
Taking a break
Help me, i dont know what to do
I have no idea if what I am about to say here is public or not at this point I don't really care
DON'T ENROL YOUR KIDS IN NEONCAP JR. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
do not play the elevator game (part 2)
never put blood on a ouija board
Don't approach naked women in the rain
I was really surprised when my daughter sang the lullaby my Grandma sang to me as a kid.
I make $4,000 a month streaming on Twitch, but my channel is growing too controversial for monetization. UPDATE
HELP!!!
The Cursed Child
The No Where Game
I can't fall asleep
The loop
I've been getting stalked by the same person for 6 years now, and they keep trying to hurt me. (PT. 1)
The game show
The voice of the Forest
One of my cats has a heavy tread when coming down the hardwood stairs.
Body Glitching Out #37
The apocalypse began and I slept through it
I saw the deaths
I teach English to foreign students - I astral projected to my childhood memories, but this isn't what I remember...
The Houston Files: Hoax or Fact? Finale
I had to move back to my old Town
WTB Psychopaths
A cloud of birds branded me last night.
I was taken to "hell" this is what happened.
Your Eyes Lie; Update
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
What is the creepiest thing someone has ever said to you?
I'm a veterinarian, and it's my job to kill someone who has nine lives. PART 2
Any help would be greatly appreciated. I feel like something is following me.
I know I shouldn’t play with a ouija board; but I’m INFATUATED
The woods belong to that monster
My Diabolical Self • Part 13: Test
The Perfect Wife
My Friend found something in an abandoned shed
9question
sorry about dat nosleepBlog post: REM sleep troubles.
I don’t think everything went well
I visited my best friend after 5 years..something made her a lunatic.
ISO story about alcoholic that seeks shelter from rain in abandoned house and is chased by monster after getting kicked out of the bar and finds refuge at friends house
The Unknowable Ones, Part 2
Something out there.
My father’s basement
The Room Next to Mine
There was girl in my town who claimed she could heal dead animals. We had to chase her family out of town.
A Conversation With Our Creator
The Fireworks
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone.
The Doctor's In Journal Entry 2
No more food...
My Man In Black: Introduction
Illusory Utopia
There's Something Inside of Me
The devil in my mirror
The bank I work at is haunted.
The monster got Dad, but Mom doesn't believe me. And he wants to hurt my doll.
House Fires: Part 2
Delicious
If you get invited to a psychedelic trip, better follow the rules of the shaman
The Hentai Girl
I'm quarantining in a hotel. It's day one of fourteen.
my sister disappeared.
Story of Us
My imaginary friends are part of something bigger than I could ever imagine. I have no choice but to help them. If not, I’m dead.
Deadline Veterinary Hospital
Room 721 : Ominous Reflections
Euro Bp - We exist
A regretful life
My name is Henrietta Wainwright, and I think my sister and I are being stalked
A Series Of Videos Update
dentist nightmareThe Earth's core isn't what we think it is.
Rest in Peace, Grandpa Stan. You’ve earned it.
Our basement gives amnesia to everyone in my family except me. What happens down there is terrifying. Part 3
Falling over a bridge
IMPS (Part 1)
The Mansion in the Woods - R. Dey
A trapdoor in my house leads... somewhere.
Absent 1
Ms California
There's a man on the wing of my plane.
I run a 5 star free hotel
The Whistleman
Do you believe in curses?
I'm an Freelance Investigative Journalist and I have stories to tell. (Part 1) Maybe other parts.
I indirectly killed someone, and I don't think she was human.
I fear he's dead
Cruel Revenge
I found a girl...
I Don't Want To Play. (Part One)
The man stood at my door all night
Julie’s Story
Sapphire Blue
A House For You And I CHAPTER 2
Our house is Haunted by Buy a demon
They're not being arrested. They're being turned.
A few years ago I spent some time in solitary confinement, but I wasn't really alone
In 12 hours I’m going to make one phone call that could kill me
Macy’s Shelter for Neglected Animals
The Hunt has begun
I solved the Fermi Paradox and I regret it. We regret to inform you that you're being hunted.
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
The unbelievable offer as a night guard for a warehouse.
True Story: Flying Humanoid spotted in Austin,TX
Help Me
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
As they wrapped the rope around my neck, I wondered where they would take me
Stay Out of the Garden
The Easter Bunny is real. He's not what you think he is.
I Hear The Monsters’ Sound
gas station centered
I Finally Fixed The Drip From My Sink. Now I'm Hearing Voices From It Instead.
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 10)
I will read everything challenge
Have you heard of The Owner?
I think I'm all alone but not the way I wanted
I Always Thought Reddit Was A Safe Place, Until I Discovered the Reddit Redrooms
Sweet Honey
To the person reading this: I’m Sorry
It’s Always Thursday here at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
I stared death in the face, here's what to expect
The Night I Think Someone Was In My House
When my mother died, she waited patiently for me
Stuck in a Hospital
Last year I killed a Wendigo. I thought I was done with monsters.
If your house creaks throughout the night, you need to read this
Never go camping without a weapon in your disposal.
I survived a plane crash 5 years ago. That was the easy bit (part 1)
I Work for a Cell Tower Company, What I Heard Sent Chills Down My Spine
I Invented a Silly Kid's Game. Now People are Dead.
He Didn’t Leave Alone
I Went Missing Four Years Ago. Today, I Woke Up In A Town That Doesn’t Exist. (Part one)
The end of the beginning: 2020 was just a trial.
Room 234: The Closet of Lost Souls
"Waiting."
Has anyone heard of The Silent Man?
Some people are so utterly dissatisfied with themselves that they'll go to monstrous lengths to become something more.
BOOK OF DEATH/ intro.1
This is why I lock my doors
I just interviewed a man who murdered his entire family. The motive is absolutely haunting.
The Killing of a Sacred Fetish, I
Why did I do the ouija board..
Lights Out, Mickey Mouse.
The Banshee Wept For Me (Chapter 1)
Never go into the woods.
Those weird rules which my Grandma made me follow on my every Birthday night
How I Got A Bullet In The Mail (Part 1)
I sell houses for potential ghosts to hauntNever EVER Take the Last Train Home
Disturbing Her Remains
For me it's a fight, others a dance. Hope when it's your turn, you stand a chance..
Twenty-two years ago, I made a deal with a strange little man. Now he wants my soul.
Our Creator's Watchers
12. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Different
To be Read in case of
I Wish I Could Tell You
I'm no longer happy to be going blind.
When Owls Start Talking, Don't Drink The Water
This chatbot took over my life.
My plane is frozen in midair, and the other passengers are scaring me (part 2)
I never became a park ranger to work in an office
Unknown App
Can’t sleep I’ve got boobies on my mind
Someone tries to kill me every day...
Something happened to my boyfriend
Crawling Humanoid In Oregon
Where I've been
I think my dead first girlfriend is following me
The Checkered Man in the Mirror
Our Neighborhood Water Slide Wasn't What I Expected
Pins and needles
The invitation of a soul in pain.
I found a 4,600 years-old document describing a humanoid species named Sygil
Abandoned Classroom at Night
I'm sorry to my unknown lover.
The Palisade
My dad invited me to stay with him for a week | PART 2
The happiest person who ever lived.
weird stuff happening to me lol
Holy sh*t
This is a story my Dad told me last week and I could sleep for 2 days
1846 - Part 1
My horror story.
Night, Eternal
Online Games
A hunters handbook
Smithy's Bar and Diner
The Shadow with a Fedora
(trigger warming) the typing child program.
Unsettling note found in cookie package
She Was Perfection
She's helping me, but I someone found us.
My grandmother told me what number would summon the Beast. She was wrong – December 10th
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea.
Headlights
Don't visit the ruins of Pompeii
Unexpected forces saved me from certain death while I was backcountry hiking.
Never accept a job offer from the Grim Reaper.
I was a fidelity tester. The ease with which people tend to cheat on their partners was not the scariest thing I encountered during my "career"...
The Dust Bowl
No Face
The Voices My Daughter Hears
Endscreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children
My first time here so ill give it a shit
R
Cambridge just received a warning from their own past
Why do I feel scared
I cant find Michael
I'm a salvage sonar tech, and I have stories to tell. Part 2.5.
Something Is Happening in Tevam Sound (Part 1)
Fearing the unknown
Someone must know
Elevator
Don't Tell Sean
Where the hell did my cat even come from?! (Part 2 - The finale)
Click Chemistry
Looking for a particular story.
There’s something behind the door in my bedroom (Part 1)
مصنع شركة مراوح شفط بالقصيم،افضل شركة مراوح شفط بالقصيم، تركيب مراوح الشفط في القصيم
I think my husband is trying to impregnate a ghost
Maria Nichols 1
Hair remover
Can we please be done with the “list” stories?
Ok so. Graduated from USNSCC boot camp, but some horrific shit happened.
LEAK
The Gray Goop
Does anyone know what nosleep I’m talking about?
I wish I had never started chatting online ...
My name is X and I have a interesting story for you.
The first words ever written by mankind have been discovered...and whoever reads them is driven to suicidal madness.
The Devil’s Call
The drug experiment (part 4)
I met a genie | Part 1
Pioneer Village Station has a third platform
Stippy.
I Work for An International Agency that Polices Monsters
I've Been Deaf For 14 Years, A Couple Days Ago, I Heard. I Wish I Never Had - CreepyPasta
My Haunted House.
There's Something in Linda's Office
Hell is going out of service.
The Uhaul Truck
Rules for staying one night in my house
Shrek is the Easter Bunny
Death Metal
Joan.
I’m a contestant on a new baking show. I need some tips or I might die.
A botched summons... (Part 2)
I Work For A Late Night Radio Show Called "The Witching Hour".
It's On Our Property
A few minutes later, the roof fell on his room. True story.
Every 27 days, I get a little closer to revenge.
Final Measure
To Help Clients Develop iPhone Business Apps
My girlfriend
The shape on top of the sea
A homeless man offered me a good night's sleep, now I am going to die.
I think my husband's possessed.
Be careful who you meet on dating apps
Someone tries to deliver a pizza to my door every night. When I answer, there’s nobody there.
My good intentions during a date backfired.
I think my mom kidnapped my dad and I’m too afraid to ask him
A discarded funeral speech draft from a devoted member of the departed's band
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else knows... Help Me (Part 2)
MLM Software Company In India | Nanoarch Software Solution
The Phonebooth in the Desert
No One Wanta to Marry/Date me.
I Explore Parallel Universes in case of Catastrophic Events on Earth.
The Glitch (Part Four)
𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐩𝐨𝐬𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐡𝐚𝐬 𝐛𝐞𝐞𝐧 𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐩𝐫𝐢𝐦𝐢𝐬𝐞𝐝.
A beach vacation like no other.
Lovedale. Home to me and the criminally insane.
The divergence of my reality started at sea.
The Vanishing Cave
Things Always Seem Bigger When You're A Kid
The Horror at Seven Points
Dads Basement- CreepyPasta HORROR Story
I found a secret room in my house. Someone has been living there and watching me.
I own a cursed necklace that is going to cause the end of the world, and I need your help in delaying it
Middle of nowhereFish Clicker™
I Think Something’s Living in My Closet..
My dad's Hitchhiking experience in the early 90's
BIG CHUNGSUS
I HEARD The BIRDS yesterdayA Terrible Night on Lake Michigan
A Stalker told me to Kill Myself. He was Right.
My brother just died. His last words will haunt me forever.
Chopped Meat
Why I Never Work Alone at NightManChild
my great grandma
Canadian Case Files (Part 2)
Astral Projection and dead people?
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream.
If you don't have what you want...
The Woods. A place for escape.
The three of us went hiking in Uganda, and deep within the jungles I found my calling
Gramma's teeth
Where is everybody?
Beware The Karhu Tappaja. Part 1
The horrible taste that lingers
H.A.T.C part 2
A Mailman in Ny that was eating peoples mail has been arrested for feder...
I go underground, I come back, I see you
"Taking the halloween shift was the worst mistake of my life"
I can't sleep in the basement
Just me
I did it for her.
Demonic Pacts (Part 7)
The internet generation is so broke, they get their golds and silvers from Reddit!
The mime who stalked me at night
I figured out how to avoid dying but now I've messed it up
A̵l̸l̷ ̷t̵h̵e̶ ̷l̷o̸n̷e̶l̷y̷ ̴p̵e̸o̴p̷l̴e̴
My local supermarket had a hidden underground level with only one exit (Part 1)
I really wish they'd just killed me
Road to 1,000 Subscribers
A Raven Visits Me Every Five Years. Each Time It Comes, Someone Dies Tragically. Maybe This Time We Will Kill It First.
The Devil offered me eternal life, I may take the deal...
My Uncle, the Voodoo Priest
The ghost hates darkness
Something happened 9 years ago and I think it might happen again.
My "gift" tried to warn me
Bear
he loved us, and he wanted the best for us.
My sister accidentally summoned a demon while filming a TikTok video.
Don't Go Uphill To The Blackwoods
I've seen them since I was a small child...
I am visited from time to time by a strange entity,I hoped the first visit would be the also the last one....But I was wrong
Suitcase Schools Get Dangerous Around The Holidays
Mama always said I'd be a heart breaker. (Pt. 1)
Any ideas
What’s Wrong with My Boyfriend
My sister can't sleep (PT 1)
We were told not to break quarantine. I think we've upset the locals.
My time as a counsellor for Camp Amberwood (I.)
I'm a police officer, and my last call was definitely my worst
Something or someone is Fucking with me
I first met the man with his lips sewn shut when I was just a kid. He’s been haunting me ever since.
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate, and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 1)
There is more to fear at the border than drug cartels.
Followed
Infected City
The Ghost of John Brown
The Park - part 2
Dangerous Dave Anderson, Professional Wrestling's Forgotten Monster
I'm Going To Die
My best friend had rules for body switching. Then he saw a flyer for Arthur's Voodoo Magic Shop.
If Someone Messages A Link To Instagram Most Worthless Person List, Don’t Click On It
Education of a Karen
Sleeping has never been so easy
my neighbor tried to stab me
if something smells nice, start worrying
The masked campo gossiper,Campo haunts and creeps
More CHILDHOOD HORROR Experiences
I had the scariest dream this morning
Wendigo Survive, no matter what
Do never try to lucid dream using sleep paralysis
The Eternal Neighborhood
i didnt know where else to post this so might as well try here
Probably just a bear
Something is in the woods behind my house
Something in Blue Mountain is Hunting Children
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web
The new house
Jannety is a drunk that won't stop dying (pt2)
My Brother Has A Disease Where His Skin Is Fragile. At Age 12 He Fell...Now He Has Not Himself.
The game master: the cards came to life?
my name is Joshua Kevin Howard and I move around a lot
These things are outside my house
The Records of Tara Hauklin: Installment 2
Endless Dread
Our Town Made a Strict List of Ordinances for Trick-or-Treating this year. We should have obeyed all of them.
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 2)My first Lucid Nightmare
What Happens to the Bullies
Yellow Eyed Demons Hunt In Venice
Talk with A Mad Man
My Sister’s Tapes Part 2
A funhouse mirror made my friend suicidal.
The low-rent butcher's shop in the food-desert neighborhood I occupy
Interesting things happened at MagicFest Richmond.
I hope the dark somnium eventually finds this, and reads it on his channel. Can someone recommend this.
Why Did The Moon Disappear?  (part one)
Last night someone killed me, and I think he’s still stalking me
The Boy in the Field
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. (part three)
REAL LIFE QUESTION NEED HELP
What a happy ending!
House of Horrors
Kilter's Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly
I Used To See People In My Sleep. They’re In The Real World Now, And They’re Here For You.
I found a hidden closet in my home yesterday and now I'm having weird dreams (Part Two)
His Best Friends Are Rocks
Just a squeaky door ..
My stairway has two doors, but the rules provided didn't help me.
The Silent Ritual
NEVER SUMMON MINYUKI... EVER
Alien spaceships are real!
Tinder date that I never should of went on...
Hide n' Go Seek
The Sandstone Project
I'm Being Followed By A Bear
Patient Zero: Thyroiditis Pestis
My Mother was Raised as an Only Child, but I Recently Learned She had a Sister.
Can someone explain what id happening to us? We haven't slept since it happened...
Where Canceled Cartoons Go
I found my true self in the woods
All my life, I've been losing time. Last night, I finally found out why.
My Last Time Babysitting
HAUNTED POOL
I inherited a car, with a job
The Hunted
My Sister Saw It Too
Write your weirdest dream you had as a child
I'll make my arrows from your bones. Part Two.
The Viles - 2: Suspicions
Something is wrong with my wife
I was the reason for my friend's death
Vrrr…vroom
I'm an Freelance Investigative Journalist and I have some stories to tell. (Possible Part 1)
Brittle Bones
Venus's Journal
The man climbing out of the river.
A man who calls himself a liar visited our town and now people are losing their heads
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 7 FINALE
The Upstate Killer
I have an issue
The Presence is back
Today I went sailing. I just found a set of weird instructions. (PART 2)
Amy's missing. Have you seen her?
Yellow Fog
The Wavering (a Phenomenon)
You’ve heard of Bloody Mary and The Slenderman, but have any of you ever heard of Whistlin’ Willy?
You will feel something behind you. Don't look back.
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from.
The virus made me unemployed. I should have stayed that way Pt (3)
I have dementia. I'm crying over a corpse and don't know why.
Kill
My Pug kept barking at the basement door. I now know why.
Shadow Person at the Menger Hotel in San Antonio next to the Alamo
An irish omen... a tearful end....
We keep the mountain clean so you people can hike it safely. Almost. part 2
Today a patient managed to spoil my favorite part of my job.
The Child
I can bet, with spyexpert0@gmail.com you don't need a CCTV in your house for any reason
K
Curious Kittens
Shadows of the Evening (Part I)
CLL#01-2020
Room B-26
Can you see this?
The Christmas Reaper
Man VS Wolf
Glitch (Part Two)
I Will Be The Last
There’s something in the woods.
I lived in an alternate reality and experienced Hell, what I saw was awful.
I Hate My New Apartment(Part 4)
What's the deal with this user and their creepy posts?
There’s a monster under my bed.
If you see them don’t tell no one....
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out. The Corpse
"13"
My Uncle's Journal, 1954.
A little zopiclone and mirtazapine and I’m on my way!
give me a reason to live.
Anna (p1)
Traitors of darkness
Me and my crew woke the dead
I thought cats couldn't open doors, untill today...
My Niece has a Friend
Yet another cautionary tale about Ouija boards (Pt3)
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out - Part 4
I guess I'm technically dead now.
My Journey Through The Haunting (Part 2)
I keep going to a place that doesn’t exist.
Life with the true Hookers of all kingdoms
I'm Being Consumed by Insects
My Ghost Story
The Cult Of The Cruel World
I saw my face on thispersondoesnotexist.com
Buy Negative Glassdoor Reviews - Buy Glassdoor Reviews
The Jar Of Pain
A filthy old hag
It's Getting Closer
Drake presents Gretzky - Heart of the Bity
Is this my personal hell...
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Final)
I Work For An Assisted Suicide Company, Sometimes We Get Surprise Patients
The government were experimenting with a new demographic of voters
The red cloaks are in town (part 3)
To those out there that regularly dream nightmares
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of. GUTTERS: PART 2
I got a job as a night guard in a museum for 6 hours and what I saw there will haunt me for the rest of my life . part 1
I tried the elevator game to go to the spirit world, i saw things that weren't meant to be seen.
I found my old camcorder. I think it wants to hurt me. (Part 1)
Why is she haunting us???
How I Met Your New Mother
He Can't Do Faces (Part I)
The 'Where's Waldo' Book I Brought Was Something Much More Disturbing Than I Imagined.
I Live In The Woods
Rate my store?
Beautiful Silence
My childhood home
If you see a black figure, take your eyes off it immediately.
I hunt Greek and Roman Mythological creatures. This is a survival guide if you come across one. Part 1: Wraiths
The Pastor's Office
You slowly open your eyes...
CERN Opened A Portal...
A little story about one of the weirdest things happened to me (and my family)
My sister has been having headaches, and I recently found some strange flowers in my yard. (Part 2)
I hired a hitman on myself
Th' Annual Skin Eatin' Contest
BEST, PARTY, EVER!...Except for the human eating demons... (part 1)
Dream Reapers
Tell me lies sweet little lies
Mr. Osrot33 Is Typing...
I can't deliver this pizza. (Pt.3)
Please, I just want to go home
I found a bomb shelter at the edge of town with a family living inside, and now I'm one of them (part two)
An warning
The wifi monster
How to become a Hunter
I think I’m stuck in another dimension and I don’t know how to escape
Monster in Law
The doctors did something to my husband
There is a secret Mars Biome. Inside they discovered a New form of Death. Final log.I have trouble staying asleep. Would melatonin help?
I’m was babysitting my cousin. Crazy things were happening.
I'm writing this because I don't know how much time I have left: PART TWO
I made a breakthrough discovery at work, and I think I've doomed the world.
I just wanted to relive my childhood... Sims 2 Horror Story
Hi I'm Timmy, read this and help mommy and daddy find me! Thank you!
I work for a ghostwriting agency. We always have interesting clients, but the one I spoke to today left me with a difficult dilemma.
To Hell and Back
The Ghost In Grandpa's Attic
There's no fucking way it's a coincidence
The Ocean in the Sky
The most scary story you are all going to see on this sub reddit i guarantee
My life best day turned into a nightmare!
Stay silent when it knocks.
Something horrifying I saw that no one believes
The Jesus Ouija Board (Part 4)
Time stood still for just a moment, to me it was an eternity.
Experiment 97
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word
David Knows a Shortcut
Im stuck in a school with
December 5th, ██████
I can talk to dead people
The house.
Domesticating Foxes(Part 2)
Pretty sure I'm not crazy, but now I'm seeing things
I went swimming one early morning off the coast of California, I almost didn't make it back to shore
the file
I paid a secret company £10,000 to get away with murder.
I joined a new app for working various gigs. They seemed nonsensical at first, but now I realize the terrible truth behind the tasks I was given
It's the Glass Doors
What I Got In The Mail PT2
In the town of Pleasance, “curse words” are deemed “cursed” for a reason
Broken Highway
I was a security guard at a local amusement park. Here’s a story that I was told one my first night
Work In Progress: “u-ugh AHH AHH (hic) ahh ahh... f-fine I g-guess y-you a-are m-AHH l-little pogchamp”. Credit for u/Asais10 for writing the second half, will start writing again once I do some other personal stuff. Sorry if this is bad English isn’t a first language for me.
I Delivered A Pizza To A Neighbourhood that doesn't Exist
My dead friend whispers to me at night
Whoever lives in Ę̵̮̤͖̹̫͌̅̅̇͗͆̆̈́̏v̴̢̡͎͚̙̠̒̓̍̃̔͒͑̐̓̚͟ē̸̦̗̥̩̙̅̃̀̓̈́͑͂͜͟ŕ͉̦̥̯̉́̿̊͑̀͊͢͡g̶͎̣̣͖̘̹̀͑̋͌͑̂͛̊̚ŗ̭͓̭̪̘̮̔͗̅͊̑̚͢͞e̡͇͙̩̠̼̭̞͚̔̒̿͂́̊̿͋͛̕ê̶̟͔͕̰̲̿̇̂͌̓͌͛͠. Run
I blessed someone with an eternal life
Something is in the corner of my eye.
The Devil's Dice
my reflection
The gargoyles were supposed to protect us, but now I know the truth.
Hungry...so, so hungry
Suggest me some best horror Stories
The little voices are so alarming.
The Three Deaths That Lead To A Murder And A Suicide...!!!
Templar Anomaly research and repossession Log 2: The Darkness part 1
Whispers from a Humanesque Tree
How to share the gospel with atheists
I owe my cat my life.
I need your suggestion for creepypasta's
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 4)
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. I just completed their user survey
If I quit my job, I might be next (Part 2)
Dealing With Killer Dolls the Practical Way (A Spook Incident)
There is something in my eye,but Everytime I look in the mirror to try to fish it out my vision switches to the anomalies eye site and it's getting very frustrating!!!
How to program an organic computer.
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND
I'm a Company Man
I was followed home
PLEASE I NEED HELP
The moon is very angry
The Lady In The Purple Dress
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 9)
Something came with the frost. (Part 1)
I woke up in a strange place, was attack by an indescribable monster, and accidentally harnessed the powers of the universe. Help?
Grey City Tales: You Want Fries With That - A Vampire Tale (1/3)
The dark side of the moon
In the photograph I’m smiling.
My phone is dying. Please fucking help
Floor 16: The Abattoir Room
Their Souls Speak Through Fire
Something is knocking on the door, Perfect Planning and the Dream Boyfriend
This Happened...
The Swamp Rex
The Long Walk Home
I have a doll based on a show that doesn't exist. I asked my mom about it.
My Perfect Jamie. ( Remastered. )Highway Patrol (Part 1)
Before I moved out, I found a letter addressed to me in my house
15:03 to Brussels
My friend is being weird
That's when I noticed
I lost internet
I randomly typed "fblurbg" into a text-predicting AI, and the result had me scared to the bonesA Witch's Premonition
There's a lab that pretends to research a cure for cancer. It's time they were exposed.
I’ve been wanting to watch Avatar: The Last Airbender lately. But there’s a reason why I haven’t yet.. and probably never will.
I Teach A Kindergarten Class Of Little Monsters Part 2
My Name Is Joshua Riggins, And A Cosmic Being Was Sent To Earth To Protect Me (Part One)
Flight of the Butterfly (Part 1)
I saw between everything and now nothing’s absolute.
AirDrop
My daughter and I found a garden
Project Sunny Side
S.O.S.

Why does this keep happening?
"Home" Sweet "Home"
What happened here?
My worst experience with a doll
My dream's murderer
If I die before I wake
Someones horny for Hillary Clinton, and we don't know who
***EMERGENCY ALERT*** (UPDATE 2)
The Forest (Short Story)
Someone Rescue Me From the Crimson Hotel...
Something Happened to me at XC Practice
My flatmate used to be vegetarian
I’m scared I am being stalked by someone.
-The nurse in the hallway-
The window. (Short story)
Creepy Story (REAL)
My daughter's first words (Part 3)
If You’re On an Overnight Train to Moscow, Don't Look Out The Windows
I dared my friends to hunt me down.
Have any of you played a game called TROLLS &amp; TOMBS? I think there's a reason it was banned.
The Stickfigure : The Unhealthy Beginning
Thought Experiment
Life :(
If you ever come across a Radio Show called The Everlasting Man; Turn it Off immediately! (Part 1)
Your Number 1 Fan
Now you are ready
Kill or Be Killed; How I Found Out I'm A Psychopath. (Part 1 - Introduction)
My scariest momment
Sad times
I'm on a motorcycle riding through Nevada... I think I'm the only one left
Foxes in the hen house, Part 1
Rules to survi
I got a new job
The rusted giant
A mysterious encounter in the forest
Deserted is a reality show that never aired. And now that I know that my life is falling apart. Part 1 of 2.
an interesting dream maybe?
I was on a campout and something was watching me
A VHS tape was left on my doorstep
There is 1 inmate left on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Pride runs in the family.
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House (Part 1)
Listen when you study Healing Music Box &amp; Calm Rain
I got a new job and this job has some weird rules.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!A Warning to the Curious About Astral Projection (Part 1)
Life At The Office Just Got Interesting
A strange sighting in the hills of Yamanashi, Japan
A note on “trigger warnings”
She Wouldn’t Hurt A FlyHe looked at me
The Killing House
I Was a Neo-Nazi Up Until Yesterday
the shadow that comes to me
Letters From My Baby’s Killer (Final): The Code
I’m a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you.
I’ve worked as cleaning lady for an old couple for about 4 years. I’ve learned some things while working for them after I moved in. (Part 1: Dominos in the library)
Never summon the spirit of Luscus Lucy
The Missing Kids In My Town Came Back
Fuck 2020
The Ice Cream Man Came To Town Again
Ernestine: A Dream
STAY OUT OF THE BASEMENT. (UPDATE)
Last Halloween I found a ritual in a book and now I'm friends with an old witch spirit's
I sit here
Twenty Questions
Thats not my johnny
Don't Even Trip
I thought I hit a deer
I Don't Think my Neighbor's Are Real
I am an arctic researcher for the United States. They outnumber us.
Something has been visiting me at night. Please help
Missing people
My brother is a serial killer
My grandmother managed to visit the future during the World War II
An Unknown Creature
My husband abused me
I Found a Strange Diary in Our First Home - I
My products are in UK, check the prices below and place your order NOW - (Shelina Diazepam 10mg &amp; Ketamine liquid ONLY)
I woke up at 2 AM and heard screams coming from the backyard... I went to find out what it was
The Making of Wonderland
Purgatory
My (35M) Girlfriend (25F) Never Peels Her Fruit
GUTTED.
why you should not sleep with a pet snake
The Musings Of One Mr. Federick Rodgers
I work at a private museum for the rich and famous. One horrifying exhibition made me quit.
The Asylum of Famished Souls
How I stumbled upon The Traumatizing Indigo torture room
The mirror man
Creepy Cursed Photoghasts
The Deer
Everywhere I look she's in my peripheral vision, and now she's getting closer.
My Sisters Ghost . . .
Tails from a summer camp
Has anyone seen strange things at The Dollar Tree Recently?
That Red Room- The accounts of my overnight stay at an cottage in an Alaskan Village
Don't listen too closely, or eventually you'll hear something
Just a question about the community
How to get away with murder!
When your Childhood Games Turn Deadly, It's Time to Run
The Snatcherman Syndrome
Harvest
Every Night at 3
I Regret Going On A Retreat With My Church Youth Group
Lofty
New Mexico is a Weird Place (Part 1)
We've been stealing from the dead woman in the woods
If we misbehaved as children we had to stand in the shed. Something else stood with us.
I had an extremely scary nightmare last night
The Squeaking Tricycle
My neighbor is a pedophile. He is the most disturbing one at that too.
I know why there is a dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico
Dogs bark
Grandfather and his insane story.
It's just the house settling
There’s a reason for my fear of attics
The 3:15 (Pt 1)I see a red door.
Don’t go to the arcade
Tales From A Lonely Motel: A Virus at the Motel - Part 1
I think I just witnessed a murder
I think something followed me home from Iowa.
My job as Catholic School janitor is harder than I expected
A Bad Trip
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am...
fema temperary hospital are death camps
The Tragedy of the Wayward Daughter
The Tree
The harvest was too good this year.
Help neighbors flashing porch light...
The Test.
A friend experienced an agonizing itch
On Your Hands
What are some good tips working as a mental patient in a haunt attraction?
I’m a JPL scientist who helped land today’s Perseverance rover. They only revealed two photos, because there’s something in the other pictures they don’t want us to see.
Dark web thing in my phone!?
Seriously, are these stories about the Elevator Game real?
My lifes Sentence.
If you ever find a castle deep in the English woods, run...
There's an intruder in my house, but its not human. (Part 1)
The Beast Within
Ronnie's Playmate
Hey guys
What happened on the 13th of October?
I'm a famous content creator on YouTube who can never reveal their face.
Something Evil Lives in the Abandoned School
I’m stuck in an empty universe. Something is about to happen.
For Billy
The night i died..
My Horoscope Has Been Making Me Uneasy
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories (The Next Dimension Part One)
My Childhood Friend Was a Reaper
The Lighter Thief
Hangin' With Leo
Creepy Dream (My First Post Ever)
Cage of My Own Design (Letter)
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle
A man named Faust wished that Fairytale creatures were real.
We should never have opened the Gate
This is actually a real sleep paralysis story
Something In My Room
There was a man living in my attic for 2 years and no one knew
What lurks by the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant (part 1)
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about crying babies...
I think I was roofied last night
The Final Countdown
I am an urban explorer and the paranormal is everywhere.
Scary experience as teens when forgotten...
Cub Scout NIGHTMARE
My Manson Intro
It's horrific to do
Hitchhiking is terribly dangerous... you never know who might pick you up.
The Open House
I thought I had amnesia, but I was wrong.
David
The Day it Snowed Forever
I went into a coma for 5 months, I lived in another world during that time. (Part 1)
I've been held captive in my house for 48 hours. I think it's going to kill us.
Serial Killer's Diary
Something is Seriously Wrong here, and I don't know how to Fix It.
I escaped a lab after getting my memory erased. Now I’m here.
I'm Totally Fucked
At the end of every day, they kill me
Apparently I've had a girlfriend for the past 3 years - Part 3
I Saved a Kid From Being Kidnapped
I saw something really bad and i cant stop thinking about
Island Towards Insanity
The Narrator’s Guild was given 7 plagues last week
A quick question about numbers
My mom was almost raped
Family secrets. They’re to die for.
the mace is a tool only to be used in a life thretining situation
A man stands unmoving outside my door everyday.
My house is infested by rats and someone is living on my land
Where did I go?
The Diaries of a Dying man
I'm Not A Serial Killer I Swear
Weird shadows in my apartment when I turn my red light on
Today is the 10 year anniversary of the disappearance Becky Lawson, I’m here to tell you what happened.
Do you leave something for your "Santa" ?
The family and I had a fun weekend at the lake house.
The Orb Weavers
Jesse and the Well.
My true stories
The Dollhouse
I’ve been hurting my roommate
Sniper In The Stands
The Girl with a Curse
Where do they all come from?
He Ran on All Fours
What the public doesn’t know about the Coronavirus.
The Hide of a Skinwalker
I think I just Killed my Stalker with my Flute, I'm 15.
My name is Mark, I watched a woman die in a Red Room. They're after me now. Please help.
His cheating drove me to attempt suicide
My new neighbor was literally bursting with Christmas spirit
Over and OutConfessions from the box part two
The breakdown at the Triton Facility
Something is behind me.
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Part 4
My college sorority is different. – The suitable vessel
The End of Days: Part One
I experience time out of order, every day, with a shift every ten minutes.
Gideon James
Short story I just wrote. It’s called the Wendigo
“I’m a Maintenance Man for the Hotel Inertia and you should never stay here...this is Floor 1.”
My dad’s ex-wife is a white witch!
Blood Of The Covenant: Part 1
I unknowingly built Pandora's Box. And then opened it... (Part 1)
The God in the living room (part 2)
I'm *even more* convinced that my roommate is dead.
There's something in my new house with me. (Part Three) FINAL
I finally met my dad and we're trying to make up for the time we lost.
I found where my cat has been taking all of my hair ties.
Depths
My brother-in-law and I made our assholes kiss
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART X
Stop Disliking My Videos.... (short story)
New sub Reddit
Ever Wonder
Seeing something odd in a picture my family took 10 years ago.
The fan
I was trippin on something that’s for sure
My sister was a crew-member aboard the International Space Station. I think she brought something back with her.
Laugh Tracks
It keeps re happening and i cant stop it.
Haunted Lab
Sleep Paralysis? Nightmare? Lucid Dream?
Indian Summer
I work at a fro-yo store.
I'm a chemist and we had a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger.
Tales From The Diner - Part 3 - The Harpy Incident
A Day in The Life of a Reaper
What Happens when the Stars Go Out (Traduzido PT-BR)
My sister is beautiful
I made a dumb decision and now there's something powerful inside my little brother.
The knock on my door
At my school, there's a Murder Club.
The Creepy Non-Existing Twin.I work as a night guard at a hotel. This place has weird rules...
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve got some stories to tell. Part Three
The snow keeps falling, and it's calling me
An Interview With God.
The Circle of Puppets
We used to have a house with a back door
The Bus
If you notice it, don't let it know you're there.
Are you ready for your new religion?
My family returned from a walk different
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice | part 5, final
I need help (serious)
My Son Saw Red Birds
the true horror of open cams
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories Chapter Three.
Melatonin
Trevor's Tales Special: True Love &lt;3
Voices from the Sand
Observations &amp; notes made whilst birdwatching between: 11th August and 23rd August 2019.
I think a Demon hired me to babysit
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 3
The cemetery I worked at had on rule, don't let them dig  "The Heart"
I Bought A Love Potion
The Demon Story Of Venice.
The thing that follows
not mine but i saw this one on a tumblr text posts video
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 8
I'm Trapped at Work and I Don't Know What to do.
Abandoned Kill
Who Could It Be, Now? (Part 1): Spark
Don't know if drug buyers guide is legal or not ?
On route to Pandora
The repairman in my building is a baby snatcher.
I have the only soul in the suburb
The stalking in california Pt 1
"The Pestilence Must Not Spread...."
Open your eyes
Bad advice
It follows ..
I get the worst cramps every few months
The Purest Fear
I got dared to go in a dead girls house.
The Search for Noykair
Hoodie. This is the first part. Please tell me how I can make it better and scarier and whether the next chapter should be him turning into Hoodie or him stopping Hoodie.
Weird Things Have Been Happening
Camp Windborn
EMERGENCY ALERT
Ghosts are real, and I've caught it on video.
An empty abyss
A Short Study of William Harding (1979)
If a Policeman Stops you, Make Sure he's a Real Officer.
Watchers in the Woods
Journal Notes Found In the Wreckage of a Previously Unregistered Science Facility
Sleepfall Chapter 2: House In The Void Of Darkness
I Met a Man at a Bar During The Early Hours of The Morning
I think my microwave is haunted.
Halloween Party
Something Found Me (Part 2)
What you need
My name is Daniel Lazare and I think I ate too much Denny's
My mind is not mine anymore
If the sky goes dark in the middle of the day, hide!
Radio Broadcast
It was always going to be you, wasn't it?
The Mortician
Serving in the US Army PART 2.75
Somebody took pictures of us while we were sleeping!
I lost my baby teeth years ago. WHY ARE THEY IN MY DOG'S MOUTH???
I forgot to lock the back door
Friends of a Lifetime
Make a Wish
I saw a nightmare which i shouldn't
Creepy or Wholesome scenario?
Story of a celibate monk
Was I abducted?
What they never told you about the wringer
6 very Bad Days and the Worst Day ever.
I Found A Secret App That Predicts the Future
I Work In a Haunted Bookstore
Never eat yellow snow...
The Sound of a Clock
"Insert Title Here"
Need some advice about my roommate (Part 3):
Derek and the Rat
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Today, there is no escape from fate. Part 10
Lamb (Things that shouldn't see daylight, part one)
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (part 1)
I hate my first floor apartment
On The Categorization of Undiscovered Species in the Tsingy de Bemaraha
My uncle dodged the Vietnam draft back in 84’ (I)
My boyfriend is acting strange.. Part 1: The Backstory
Hello David
My town was wiped off the map, and you need to know why. (Final Part)
Airbnb is not what it used to be
The Blu-Ray Disc I wish I never saw
Be weary, run if it is near.
My Sleep Paralysis Demon Can Predict The Future
we just wanted to go for a walk
I Keep Dreaming Of A Missing Little Girl - III
I think I ran into a Hell hound last night and I want some answers to ease my grief.
I was nearly killed by someone inspired by the joker
Netflix is freaking me out! Help!!
I've been listening in through Siri
I am a sex worker.
Trip Down Ol Memory lane 1
The box
Sentenced to Life
Childhood dreams
A New England Forest Legend
I've had an odd week
The mysterious man in my backyard
Transcript of a 911 call.
TheShotToBeatCorona
I’m addicted to having sex with household appliances, but now they are out to get me
Last time
If the time stops at 1.09 a.m roll over and pray that they think you're asleep
I’m a lawyer and my client killed their whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence.
the scorpion house.
The smiling woman
A Message From The System
You Don't Know the Muffin Man
I don't think my Grandfather was from here - PART 2
Hall Pass
Something is down by Carlos Lake (Pt 1)
My neighbor might have been murdered by her daughter
The flute man
The final supper
There’s a strange music that comes up on my car stereo.
This will be the last dinner I have with my family
I stayed at a hotel where a kid died in the pool a few years ago
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop... FINAL
You've probably already read this, but for your sake, please read it again
Go check her out! 😮🔥
If you're suffering from chronic pain, don't trust any remedies from the Painless Apothecary
I know the whole truth
What can I do?
Have you ever heard of a TV show called 'IF YOU'RE HAPPY &amp; YOU KNOW IT'?
I had an encounter with the weird kid at school- Who I'm now sure isn't even a kid.
The Local News Reporter’s False Eye Keeps Moving Independently
From A Dark Cloud, She Came
Breath
We looked for a missing person but what we found was much, much worse.
peephole
The Solution to My Difficult Commute
The Eyes Beyond the Wall
Dark Pinocchio Music Video
Don´t follow kids cries from down the street
The mirror ghost
HowTo?
The old video game
Misery really caused a misery. (Part 1)
It Waits In The Woods
I once saw Carlos Boozer punch Colin Farrell in an Applebee's
I tried seeking out the backrooms, I wish I never had
There's a new star in the sky. A red star. Whatever you do, don't look for it.
(True story) The Roach
Can’t sleep because of drugs
The local
I found a Love Note in my Locker, A Month Before, Someone Broke Into my House
I worked nightshift at a music studio
A teenage girl went missing in the forest. We found two of her.
I thought the news was usually wrong.. but I was scared to find that the people around me were dead. (1)
I woke up to a loud thud downstairs....Now I see them outside..
Jill found a ball in the garden. We had to let them take her away.
What do i do.. what do i do.. come on... relax... breathe...
I'm still hoping that I'm inside of a terrible nightmare
I found these tapes about the disappearance of Torner Forest
I guess I'm not the only one.
Nightmare in the dreamworld
It's true what they say about DEATH, you should never look into it's EYE, especially when it's hiding behind a door and you're looking at it through the keyhole.
Rose Of The Devils Garden - Part 1
Madness and horror, all in one phone
Blank Rooms
The Yule Lads Diary (part 5)
The Night We Entered The Pickle Canning Factory
Theres a random guy who keeps following me, yet no one else can see him.
There is something in the basement of the museum. Something with abnormally long fingers.
An Insomniacs Monster
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Eleven)
ROOMMATES
Can't enjoy the theme parks anymore
The sky seems different here.
Post No.4735705 on 4chan's /k/ board
IT
Have you heard the story of Jam Jam The Ice Cream Man?
The scariest birthday party I've ever been to
“u-ugh AHH AHH (hic) ahh ahh... f-fine I g-guess y-you a-are m-AHH l-little pogchamp”. Credits to u/Asais10 for writing the other half.
The strange truth of the Smalls Lighthouse incident
Something odd is happening in my town
My Roommate Left Me a Voicemail in a Language That Doesn't Exist
The Patient
I think I was stalked by a Wendigo on my school trip
I think my girlfriend is paranormally sensitive.
A Threat From a Stalker?
The Shop
I Slept On One Mattress, That’s All It Took
I work for the SETI Institute in Mountain View, California and in exactly 550 day we're all going to die.
The Crying Blonde
"The Untitled Document" A One Man Job. Entry One.
What is wrong with this camp (pt 1.5)
The Fire That Killed My Family
A scary story installing for lowes
I see only schizophrenia made things
My sister won't stay put
If you're reading this, I'm sorry. It's too late.
Warped
I patrol the Australian Outback as a country soldier. I have just met my final match.
I really wish I hadn’t bought that switch
The Lemmings
I performed a ritual incorrectly and I'm now facing the consequences.....(Part 1)
I’ve read about sleep paralysis but never thought i would be a victim of it
A few strange experiences I still cannot explain
Alone on a winter storm
Them (pt.2)
Blessing and a curse.
Ten Rules to Make a Great Horror Story
Something is wired in my apartment unit part 1
I'm running as fast as I can..
Stop, Shop, and Roll
The man in the corner of my room has never turned around.
Everybody has their beliefs, until you realize it’s not what you thought.
The Saint of Tunnel Fourteen
Will the 2020 United States presidential election upheave the markets?
I went on my first overnight hiking trip
I need to get something off my chest..
For Whom The Bell Tolls?
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am!
The Last Ride of Roy Wilson (Finale)
My second penis comes at night
Bedroom Door
How I Lost My Son (Finale)
As I scroll through here,I keep being asked how long I can survive in a zombie world. Is there something you’re not telling us?!
DON'T LOOK INTO THEIR EYES! YOU WON'T COME BACK
I found out that witches do exist, and they're more powerful than you think
The apartment block I lived in growing up had the strangest 16th floor.
The Lynch House
What Lives On Fox Glen Way
I explore abandoned buildings as a hobby, this was my last expedition.
Why I don't babysit anymore...
The Ghost Train That We Shouldn't Have Known About
Worms, my dog!!!
The Reflection in my Mirror is Delayed
The First Murder on Mars
I see you
It wasn't supposed to be like this
The Catholic Church Kept The Most Haunting Secrets (Part 2)
House Warming Party
If you go on a discount vacation, leave a gift outside or they'll get you
You are now breathing manually.
i found and old SD card while hunting, its contents disturbed me.
I used to work as a security guard, what I saw will haunt me forever.
Late Night Laundry
My son saw something in the darkness. My brother may know something about it.
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. Before we reach the end, I got the interview of a lifetime.
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (pt 2)
Interest in narrated Stories?
The Backrooms of Hell Part 2 reliving my worst case.
Im a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you. Update.
The Slaughter Pen
I wanted adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 2
My town has a strange night curfew rules part 1
The Forest, And How To Survive It, Pt.1
A Woman Knocked on My Door at 2 A.M. I Let Her In.
Samhain
ARE YOU GETTING ENOUGH SLEEP
Mom's Been Acting Strange - Part III
My Neighbor Screamed at Birds at Night
The Long Drive Home
Emergency Broadcast
I'm Staying With My Aunt Who I've Never Met Before And I Think Something Bad Might Happen To Me
i need help finding this series that i never got to finish reading
I Auditioned To Be On An Episode of Naked And Afraid, Something Went Wrong
Encounter with the Spooky Kind
X-28063
The Endless Road
It called me and I wasn't sleeping
What My Mom Saw in the Shock Trauma OR Terrified Her
My friend and I found a portal to a world where Homo sapiens never evolved. We saw what the world became without us. It shocked us. PART 1/2
All this rain has made the slugs relentless...
I thought I was normal until something changed my life.
I thought my squirrel caught the bubonic plague. Now I realize it's something far worse..
The email
Random guy gives my friend a creepy drawing
Delivery is here!
The Daily Tasks of a Harbormaster's Apprentice - Checking the Mooring Field
Me and my friends are stuck in a game and we can’t leave
The Cold Ones Part 2
this reäl happend
My first vampire
”Practice Makes Perfect!”
God has abandoned us
Everyone’s a God- We Just Don’t Know It
Darling, I Don't Think You Really Intend To Leave Me
Here's a secret - we (most of us) don't want to end your world
Never buy a $1 phone
I just graduated from medical school, and this is the horrifying thing that happened on Day One
A word, from your creator.
The Ice Cream Celebration Contest
I Discovered A New Level of Dreaming
Every day, a new reality
Repeat, Repeat, Repeat .Change.
Staircase in the Woods
Wicked Encounters (teaser)
I Recovered Tech From A Crashed Spacecraft
Me and my best friend Tony were playing around with a ouija board. I'm confused when my best friends Tony's spirits replies?
Simulation of the Human Body: Dr. Wintz Journal Entry #1 (1)
I work for a company that recovers strange artifacts. Workers must follow specific rules to survive.
I found something similar to the Backrooms, but it’s ruining my life. (PART TWO)
Something behind me
I used to be a biology student, what I created made me lose hope in living
Antlers
Can I share your stories?
A short true story from my bizarre childhood.
A Stroll Through the Woods
The Moon Flickered
Something is wrong with my bathroom
I thought about the “quantum immortality” theory.
Grandma Speaks The Dead Language
My Sister’s Apartment Is Alive
My husband's ex is back and it's making me uncomfortable
Northern Maine Hospital infections.
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 5)
The First Card
I'm In Apart 3C, Please Help Me.
You're It
Can you see the falling room?
Things that happen in small town America that make me very afraid
The Ghosts
My first time meeting Dr. Fugazi Pt. 1
I’m Going To Do It Right This Time
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room..its offered me a job that has a concerning list of rules..I dont think it's a shadow..
The Space Between The Walls
That Damn Elf
Happy Birthday
Fingers Patton
Glitch mountain lion attack and beige "thing"?
I found my diary but i didn't write it
My Interesting Drive Home From Work.
Something is Wrong with My Online Class
The Fast Thing
Escape Room Survivor
There's an empty ice cream truck at the end of the street but it won't leave until someone buys something
I'm a therapist who specializes in abused children. Ever since I started seeing my new patient, something has been happening.
I have become a goverment experiment
Video-to-text transcription of few videos from the ,,TheJessicaIsTheBestShow" channel, before it was removed.
I was chased by fake police
Tick-Tock, Mer-id-eth
Not a story, but a request to use stories for an event
There is a street in Umber Heights, USA called Eerie Whisper and no one should ever go there.
Stay away from the "Revenge Hair" spell. I cast it on Halloween, and it won't stop hurting people.
War of The TriPods
Extinguished Susan
So We Talked About It and I may Die Soon
*EAT MY MEAT BICYCLE!*
Sleepers
The cruise didn't go as planned.
I Drowned when I was Five
Dragons: Titan Uprising one hit
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. There’s a lot of history here.
My friend got into a crash and some weird stuffhappend
A Typical Trip to Burger King
I found an ecosystem in my bedside drawer, I wish I hadn't
I met a man who looks just like me. Today, I decided to kill him. It Gets Weirder (Part 10 of 11)
My drive through the silent pines of Minnesota (Part 1)
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station
The ‘Thing’ Watched Me
Hatred is a Potent Thing
The Dead Moon Sepulcher
There’s a Giant Person in the Sky. Part 3
For the wicked
Scaly Arms
Strange encounters 1
My Mom's Stalker
My grandma dreamed of a little girl and she hasn’t gone away since
The Book
THE LIBRARY I WORK IN IS HAUNTED BY SOMETHING. AND NOBODY BELIEVES ME.
A trip I took to BlizzCon in 2019
The Final Confrontation.
Something crawled in my ear while I was sleeping last night.
My dead grandpa
im not sure what happened
So it was going to be a typical night yesterday for me
I've locked myself in the bathroom and I don't want to come out. I'm terrified.
Biter
The time Demi Lovato flicked my vagina
Never trust the thing in the closet.
If the doorbell rings in the middle of the night, don't answer.
If you visit the Kearney Funhouse, do not enter the mirrors
-.-- --- ..- -.- -. --- .-- .-- …. .- - - --- -.. --- (Part 3)
The Anus
I Bought a Nintendo Switch on the Dark Web
Is This Real?
I built a landing page for a cult on the Deep Web. Now they worship me as a New God
I am a serial killer, and I love every one of my victims.
I Have Sleep Paralysis. Something Has Been Happening. (Part 2)
I Need Your Help - Day 2
My horror camp.

I fight ancient beings and I have some stories. (Part 2 of 3)
Thanks Mom
Bumping Uglies: A Tale of Sex intro
I was stalked by a mall elf. He said he had something to give me, but now that I know what it is, I don't want it.
CONFIDENTAL Diary Belonging To Stephanie Austin
It is your Birthday. You are calm.
I am the man you see in your dreams
Alexa or is it Someone From the Dead?
I caught a snapping turtle, you wouldn't believe what it had in its mouth.
The Pet Shop Nightmare
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night over, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 1)The Curse of Dark Mountain Part 4
Lady of the Rain
I wrote this story in class
Perfectly normal rules for a perfectly normal High School
BLOODY LETTER
Unsettling Childhood Memory.
Rules
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - Guess This Image &amp; Trivia Night (Part 3)
Do Not Do Try This At Home
It's been pitch black for 2 days
Mẏ̴̟͝ͅ ̴̤̱̒͌friends and I go̷̧͈̔t locked in sch̷̞͒͂ool - part four
the blooded hiker
The Most Horrific Murder Case of My Career Just Won't End
I made a website with 30,000 Occult Ebooks
Being Essential screwed me
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum”
Ignorance Was Bliss
Awake...
Beware of the Skin-wearers
Please Follow the Park Rules
The Log.
A True Monster
Deja Vu
I thought this subreddit was for insomniacs. This makes it worse. Thanks.
Hairs of the Queen
I should have slept
I found a hidden closet in my home today (Part One)
For the children.
A Word Of Warning: Never Open The Door To Strangers
The Barry Family Mystery
Strange Woman at the window
If you ever break down on Glover Road, do NOT leave your car under any circumstances.
Closer
I went into the mirror and there are monsters in my house now pt1
I survived a horrible social experiment but something drew me back to the lab
I Think My Psychiatrist Broke Confidentiality
I only tried to help them
The Wendigo’s Forest Ep 1
A "BOT" account followed me on Instagram. Then it sent me a picture
Something Loves Me
I have necrophobia. But I had to confront my fear to save the soul of a dead relative. Did I do the right thing?
I lived in a very odd house growing up but i can’t figure out if it was haunted
Time travel took me away from my zombie killing squad, and in the future we use muskets.
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 5)
I’ve had a Stalker For Three years and Never Knew Until He Rear Ended Me (Part 3)
Why are there people with no faces?
my sleep paralysis experience (maybe?)
Never go alone to meet anyone from a friend-finding app!
My Diary Entries From the Past few Months
I doomed you all to the Apocalypse. I am not sorry.
I'm A Therapist And My Patient Is Convinced He's The Antichrist.
The thin line between torture and tortured to death.
My past keeps changing and I can't do anything about it
Questions We've All Been too Afraid to Ask
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 7)
File 1: Blight town
Do any of you know the name of the subreddit where people post their stories to be narrated on youtube?
Can someone pleaseeee link me to the 6 part story where number 4 I think is called “maps”? I started reading the other day after stumbling upon it when in a reddit black hole and I can’t find it again! I need to know how it ends!!!
Love improvement
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 5: The Demon Girl of Room 2142
I am starting to become increasingly worried by my neighbor
If You Received a Notification From "Find My Mobile," There's Something You Should Know
Here’s a Piece of Advice: Don’t Dig your Own Grave
Green,Not Black
It was just another taste of my anxiety...
Purple Rain
I brought my boyfriend back from the dead. I have done something terrible. (Part 3) (Final)
My Friends and I sort of Killed a Girl Last Year.
The Game Of Deception (Part 1)
What if I told you that for every moment of your life, there has been someone there… watching
I’m not crazy.
All my life I’ve been able to see code in everything around us... Today, I’m finally going to talk about it...
Why I Can't Go Back To The Boar's Head
Hide-n-Seek in the Dark
The silhouette beside my mother. {Part 1}
the ferris wheel
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. I found out where the NFC gets its nightmares from.
The Man In The Dark Room
I just nod
Bed Hiders
🤔🤔Demonic Rituals? Maybe. Paranoia? I Pray it is. 🤔🤔
I tried to help a client. It was a mistake.
Tales of Survival: Part One
Beware The Kids Who Stare At The Sun.
Every Culture in History Has Burial Rites Meant to keep the Dead from Rising Again
Family memories.
The thing I regret most.
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I turn 28 in 2 hours and 32 minutes.
My town is on lockdown and something is coming
I'm an attack helicopter pilot  - How I joined Task Force Paladin
I Met God
The Legend of the Hulaghoul
So it turns out, your can be chosen to be the Grim Reaper
Memoirs of a Dead Man
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Two
I was bored, and I accidentally found the showers.
I'm about to go to jail because my dreams killed my boss.
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, I’m running out of time.
I dont know what's happening with my dog
Super skeptical person, saw something I can’t explain, help?
I read something on r/no sleep and now I’m scared for my life
My Aunts House Is Haunted
Where you belong
I saw God in a McDonalds parking lot
Best to Ask Grandma
Straszne Opowieści - Nieznajomy na drodze
My strange experience with a ghost ship while serving in the Persian Gulf.
Invaders that military can't handle (Part 2)
Sleep Demon
The Entity at Northfield Road
Your time is up...
The Screamers.
How Real Can Dreams Be?
Horrors of IKEA: Do not fall asleep in their stores
My second encounter with the salt and pepper man
No more lives games
A knuckle bone has been sent to me every year since my 1st birthday. I’m afraid what will happen when I turn 28
Dreaming of Demons
I think she's possessed.
My friend saw a boy standing in the middle of the road. 3 days later, she killed herself
If You're Thinking too Much, then You're Drinking too Little
Dead-Boy Part 1
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Here's how I escaped the cannibal queen..
My Pop Pop in Heaven sent me 3 dogs
Burn in Hell, Fat Anime Jesus
Cassandra
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I’m playing some sick game.
My sister disappeared in 2015, I found a new file on my computer containing her digital journal
My Sudden Insatiable Craving for Horror.
You should avoid being homeless in Florida (Part 2)
I just called my brother from downstairs, but im not down there.
My wife has been acting strange lately. I’m not sure what I could have done wrong?
Nails
Take me to church
Working at an amusement park: Mr Scratch
It started with the cows across the street.
I only remember darkness, until I saw the light
The Terrible Ship
The Devil On Her Back
My Haunted Home. Story 1&amp;2
I Met Karma Today
I Dropped My Daughter Off at Purgatory
The demon who wont leave me alone
No one has ever challenged me so much as my homie just did.
It All Started With A Viewing of My Corpse (Part 1)
I hunt Serial Killers. The F.B.I. Has nicknamed me “The Grim Reaper” And I can’t stop until I find Legion and Destroy him. (Part 2).
I deliver food to self isolating houses, and I have to get this off my chest.
In 5th grade, a demon tried to shoot up my school
How long
The Devil Lives On The Old Red Bridge
There's something in my house....and I know why its here
I'm 34 and I'm affraid to wake up in the dark
My brother is dead, yet no one believes me.
I'm a private investigator who has strange cases PT3
Benjamin
Had me a Minute
Im a fireman who got called in for a “threat”
The mysterious life of a cryptid hunter
Sunshine
12 Terrifying Facts about the Dark Web
My school has commenced The Cleaning. They said only the top peers will survive.
The Haunted Painting From The Bahamas
The girl in basement number 64
Say hi.
Should We Have a Seance?
The World Ended In 2019, You Just Don't Remember.
I thinking about transferring universities...
My town is under siege by fire. (Part 1)
Other Roommate
This is the beginning
The Christmas Song
I’m sorry
That fucking thing
The thing (this is a short post)
My horny evil grandmother is ruining my love life
I’ve been having insomnia for two months and i think its from a video that said will drive you insane
You can't break up with a monster
The sounds
I Found a Strange Diary in Our First Home - III
We are lurking in the dark. We are watching what you do
Noises
I’m 29 years old and I have only ever driven a car once
Anyone with experiences in feeling as if a house is alive / communicating with you
You suicidal, my friend?
I had an unusual encounter 7 years ago and now I'm unable to close my eyes (Part 1)
Detached
I just had to share this.
Never write a nosleep on your own at night
Ego's Journal Pt. 1: the Shaman's quest begins
A Little Boy Told Me He's Stuck In The Pipes Under My Shower Drain
Help me look for an internet friend please.
I was sent ISR and helmet cam footage of military operations I can’t explain. Here is what I saw (Part 1)
My name is Soldier 15.
I could not sleep after this video
My gut instincts
The Last Trick-or-Treater
The Neck Pain
The Pocket Door
My Preternatural Account part 4: I Figured It Out....kinda
When Mom left me home alone, I thought something bad was going to happen. The bad things didn't start until she returned. (Part 1)
continue of the * life in the endless IKEA*
My favourite girl band is sending me secret message. (Part 1)
The closet
Someone was in the Woods That Night
Some fat idiot I know had a dead body in his hotel or something. Idk
be careful in the backwoods of Georgia
Case File 446-A (Part 2)
Nobody remembers the number between 3 and 4
Dreamin'
I saw something that looked like my dog.
Please tell the monster under my bed to stop eating all my friends, and to leave me alone instead.
The Videotape That Makes You Bleed
Permission for story usage.
I'm a receptionist at an after hours vet clinic: I could've used a list of rules last night
The story of Lucy-Ann
Terror
i'm being followed by someone who looks just like me.
I can hear voices in the walls of my new home
The Definition of Reality
My Advent Calendar Isn’t Counting Down to Christmas
I Know Where Missing People Go...But I Don't Know What Takes Them.
I don't want vegetables
The Notes I Found In A Abandoned House/Basement
Always watching me
Was my cat ever really in here?
The Chaos Engine
Anyone who played NES Godzilla never found the original
The Old Woman Next Door!
The Parasites of Hillsbrook Community
Red Onset
They aren't from here
I look outside everyday and I see my "twin"
Freedom Sneakers
The Church at the Edge of Town
My family has a strange secret. I have a great-aunt who is a baby
A Newspaper Issue
Strange Sounds in my Boyfriend's Study, PT 1
As I lay dying...
My Research Lab Is Trying To Play God.
I need someone to know about this
One shot.
So this has really freaked me out recently and I don’t know what to do.There's a locked door in my new apartment
Sitting in a car high scared the shit outa me.
The Lockdown
Alone is better
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life p2.
There's something inhuman blending into the protests
Anastasia
SPOOPIEST STORY EVERRR!! !
Captain of the Coast shipping, signing out.
I woke up in an alternate reality
I have this Dream that I keep on dreaming and I think it´s starting to become real
I was brainwashed my whole life, now I’m finally free (part 2)
I work as a Janitor at a Catholic School Pt. 3
Do you know?
I've Been a Small-town Cop For Twelve Years. There's One Case That Still Scares Me.
The Figure in Black
I think my friend’s neighbor has a demon stalking them
Dark tales can hide darker secrets
A Door (Rev. 2)
THE PARTY
Something strange in the woods
All my friends died in "The Tube" beneath our town.
My girlfriend brought home a wicker basket she found in the street. Somethings come home with it. Something wants it back.
A decade ago...
I think I was just visited by an Anti-Dark Web Agent.
Something crawled in my ear. Now it’s telling me to do things.
You’re not just paranoid you are being watched
The Tom Hanks Chimera
'I am staying a friend's house for the first time, can't help but feeling uneasy.'
Love at First Sight
Can anyone else do this with Eviebot?
I can tell how your going to die: Part 1 - The gift.
My dad watched the sky split
The Stikini: Part II
cryptid encounter #1 the loch ness monster
A time for lies - Chapter One
My twin brother and I are hunters. Things get nasty when we're hungry.
My uncle saw the ghost of a burn victim in the Hoffmann-La Roch building
She Is Not My Wife (Part 2)
Mauvaise rencontre
MeH dEmOnIc KiTtEh
Demon House of Oak Lane
My brother got kidnapped and now he is talking to ghosts
This is my life...
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 2)
Hey. Um. Guys. Is this herpes?
skinwalkers killed my brother
Daddy died a week ago
Ghostly biker encounter
Why You Should Take the Stairs
Never play games on the dark web!!! Part one:The black hoodie
Myworld
"I Love My Job"
Help me pls. I may be cursed by reading the story
Self
My cousin has a doppelgänger
PMSD (Post Murder Stress Disorder)
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight (Part 8)
It Started With a Smile
The dabbing monster keeps dabbing closer and closer...
Tales of Survival: Part Two
Anybody know the significance of three taps on your window??
UNIDENTIFIED ENTITY.
They have her
7 Minutes After
I’m being forced to perform in a talent show.
His Presence Is Still Here
The call centers around here are haunted and I can prove it
boo
if anny iisolateing is don
The Abortions Are Free
My family is selling our old haunted house
My Neighbors Started Rotting Alive
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. Now I’m teaching her how to kill people.
The Hole in The Wall, Part III (Finale)
Porch Robbers Have Been Stealing Our Packages, So We Started Stealing Their Souls.
I think i crossed into a different plane of existence.
There were loud noises over the Intercom Speaker,Now there are extinct creatures in my town Part 2
The ice cream van
Its 1990 April 12nd
My unbelieved Home alone story...
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 10)
Knock Knock
I’m a YouTube Narrator and I wish I never stole that story.
I can't sleep at night
Everyone one has imaginary friends. Mine are just a bit more... real...
Something grabbed my sister out of the shelter.......
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 1/6
The Habitsville Bank Robbers Left Nothing in Vault #713
Newborn Twins
The night I played Charlie Charlie...
I Don't Sleep In my Sister's Bedroom Anymore
Something crazy happened last night
My life in your hands.
I set a trap to confront some local porch pirates. Things went very south, very quickly.
I am a police officer fending off the dead, and i require immediate backup!
It Was a nice dream living in this stimulation,but I will wake up now and get freed
If you see a structure in the woods, leave it alone.
I'm a surveyor for Hillcraven Gold Mine, and today I found a notebook in the tunnels.
Horror story at home
Welcome to Fantasma: Souls of the Brahan Seer (Part 2)
The hanging tree with the rope 1/3
I don’t know what’s happening to me.
Remember Only The Checkered Clown
7.109.122.157 114.193.246.29 219.36.75.137 97.32.177.115 69.48.230.10 84.42.197.236 180.167.119.160 201.RANDOMIPPART1.141.164.203 95.189.12.99 220.168.220.218 252.37.165.177 100.64.156.103 247.201.31.214 204.151.82.155 68.220.165.241 95.131.224.87 19.169.62.201 57.130.119.174
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone.
It stands 12 feet tall
I saw death happen right in front of me
Say Cheese!
Why You're Right To Be Afraid Of Clowns
Heidi
A story of the coraline I came up with:
Dora the Explorer
The hitchhiker man (part 1)
in the forest.
The Piano Dream
The party that didn't exist
I found the coolest ring...
update . this house is fucked
The skin walkers
The Wrong Person
I’m still not sure how to process this...
The shushing in the olive patch
In the water
They Always Come at Nighttime
My parasites are driving me nuts (Real Dream)
The Portland Running Club is Looking for New Recruits
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Final Part
I Keep Seeing Through Something Else's Eyes
I am from a town that never existed.
My grandads random appearance after 55 years.
I never thought this could happen...
The Siege of Area 51 Will Not End Well
I met a girl on Tinder. She's pretty, nice, and a crazy, jealous stalker. She might also be a vampire
I need karma
Welcome to Paprika, Inc! - Part 1
Not getting enough sleep can be unhealthy. Please, God will condemn guilty sinners to Hell because He is Just. God offers salvation as a gift through the Lord Jesus Christ, who is God come in flesh to suffer the wrath of God we deserved, died for our sins buried and rose again. Repent and believe!
Why i always close the windows before i sleep.
There's a House of Mirrors in my local library, but it isn't as fun as it sounds
I found a box of my clothes at the end of my driveway
My friend has been playing a nasty trick on me... or at least I thought so.
My father disappeared while hunting in the Bulgarian mountains, i now know what caused it.
Operation
Rejected Archive: The Kola Borehole
I am a robot &gt;:3
My dead dad showed me how he died
If only my mother wasn't a good person
A Dark God Wakes
Has anyone here ever heard of the Coffin Man?
The Town of Ashwood Has Legends. The Mailbox Is One of Them
I fed into my friend’s schizophrenic delusions and accidentally started an ARG
My haunted friends
I bought a mystery box off the dark web. I'm feeling fear for the first time in a long time.
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash. But I know otherwise...
I'm a therapist, and my patient is intentionally infecting strangers with HIV
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 6)
There Is A Hidden Video On Netflix Called Congratulations38.avi
The blue light
The dream I won’t forget...
Why is it Sticky? - The question library staff have to ask WAY more often than we should
Ghost Circles, and the mysterious case at Millar's farm
I Stole a Laptop, And Now my Life is in Danger.
Death Wears Carnations
We Are Not Alone
My uncle left me a box when he died
Farmer Ben Wasnt As Nice As We All Thought.
My Son Shot a Catapult At My Head, You Won't Believe What Happened Next!
Struggling with my friend's suicide... His girlfriend is acting weird, too
Fear those who’s footsteps make no sound
One vacation cost me both of my daughters
There's something in the clouds
Voices In The Attic
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave. (Part 4)
Remember to Check Under the Bed
My anger was surgically removed
My wife keeps getting random pieces of jewellery in the house
I found a box filled with Flash Drives
My Dream Home Won't Stop Bleeding
So is this community for actual real creepy stories that happened or are they just purely for entertainment purposes and aren’t supposed to necessarily be true?
Be Careful when you are out Searching for Aliens in the Desert, you Might Find Something
Same dreams for a month
I live in a normal house. With a normal family
How to propose to a girl "my response in an ask reddit thread"
Scary Drug Encounter Experience at the Motel
dead.
The Siren's Call
HELP MY CAT MAYA
We've been stuck in this hotel for 2 weeks now. The staff aren't letting us leave without taking everything we brought in.
My friend got one of those Magic Eye stereogram books. The hidden image is terrifying.
My experience of Mr.Hands twisted game “keepsie”.
I met a woman on my train journey and now I only have six hours to save her life.
I lost my mind when I met G.O.D.
My Muse Became My Incubus (Part Two)
Anyone heard of R/lla?
After my first time contacting the outside world, i’m doubting my town is normal.
I accepted a dare that I would regret for the rest of my life..
Reading this might save your life! Yes, YOU!
Rotting city pt. 2
Bells RingingThe recordings from within the woodlands, part 3.
School Lunch
The Only Call I Ever Hung Up On
There is something in the forest (Part 2)
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Two: The bleeding man
Seven Tentacles
To whom it may concern: I am about to die because of a forum game.
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried
Black Fog
Behind These Rugs Lurks Something Deeply Disturbing. Photograph Inside.
Scary Haunted House Stories Vol 1
They Took Me To A Mental Hospital Where People Disappear Every Thursday Part 2
I went urbexing in Leakin Park
What people Ould do for a friend wood surprise you.
Why I sleep with my blinds closed.
I Work Over Night at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 3
Selling Instagram account
The Bed and Breakfast in the Mountains.
Haikus From My Sleep Paralysis (#1)
The Shadow Came When I Was Young
Sam and the Wide-Eyed Boy
Yesterday, I died in a school shooting that no one remembers...
I woke up, gonna be back to my daily life soon
"The Box" written by me Prashant Pal Aka Serpent
drip drip drip
The Council of Eros
I'm begging you to please, please, please, please, please help a woman find her little girl!!!
I should have taken the stairs.
The dog in the car (short story)
I called my gf while I was asleep
Out of Body Experience
I asked my tinder date to have sex with me, and he agreed.
I'm a US Forest Ranger and I found a video camera abandoned in the wilderness... have you heard of the massacre at the Anima Mundi Collective?
We went camping and found a secret place in the woods
My Yandere "Friend" Stalks Me, but Doesn't Remember
My House Is Too Crowded LinkThe previous occupant of my House left a rule book. I’m moving out tomorrow.
My train is ten minutes away
I was good at one thing
I played the Sims 5...I'm worried for the devs
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 3)
That really sucks
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a living nightmare. First session.
I just had the worst 13 days of my life, and thankfully they aren't my last.
Scary stories from a Railroader part 5
can you help me?
my balls have something inside them...
I am a new Fire watchmen
I for The Corporation. Our facility holds a 'psych ward' for one person. (Part 1)
Post-mortem
Thank you for replying to my post, you saved my life
My school lockdown
The Trail is why I stopped hiking.
There’s Something Wrong in Cambridge, Ohio
Don't Play with Oija Boards (Part One)
I was forced to sacrifice at a satanic church
My 5 year high school reunion is going to end in a massacre. (Finale)
When they found out the truth they locked me in a room to die. They should have left me there. They should have remembered.
I'm a hotel manager and I've seen some weird things
The Dead Dog Pt1
Hello, this is Craig
There's something wrong on my friend discord server
Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline Severance Package
Poop
I wrote the ARG that took over the world
There's a creature in my house with a voice like razor-blades.
What binge watching Hell was like
2020 Challenge
YOU can get rich quick from buying a haunted house
Something creepy that happened to me in Animal Crossing
When Emily's father died, she received a box of fountain pens, and was never the same.
I finally decided to go for laser hair removal.
ImaginhtesI thought I found my sister sleepwalking.
I think she followed me home
Earbleed
I work for a company the us government hires to handle paranormal/monster like activity and hunt down monsters
There are goryholes in my room.
I heard loud noises in the intercom, now there’s extinct creatures in the building.
Someone did a bad thing, I just can't believe who.. (Part 1)
It snowed last night, it is the beginning of spring.
A green spirit
There is something disturbing going on at the hospital I work at. Part 1
Theres something weird going on in my town
Radiation Sickness
There's a portal in the basement and I think I'm going through it.
Camera
I’m writing to you from an alternate dimension after entering a black hole. Here’s the backstory.
I found the perfect wedding dress and lost everything else
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Mother of Demons
I’m being stalked by a millionaire client.
I loved her so much, I would let her consume me.
Someone leaked my personal details onto the dark web, now everyone I love is being hunted down.
My real life horror story
A Skinwalker Horror Story
Looking for a story on the no sleep podcast(just a normal question)
Twin Falls Wildlife Management Area
You Have 18 Unread Messages
Splitting
Scary story - can you trust your friend?
Invaders mentality (Part 2)
I find a plush on the ledge of my roof window
Aliens Arn’t Real But IT is.
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 4)
I Disappeared from the Colorado Woods 12 Years Ago (Part 2)
The Suitcase
I’m A Ghost: Part 2: The Shafow
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I expected...continued
The Marie Antoinette Case
My Neighbor's Attic
Grandma Speaks The Dead Language Part II
The stalker. This is my very first time writing a story.
That Night In The Mirror - Creepypasta Read
Ok, serious question...
I made it to the hospital too slowly yesterday
Baphomet
Deepfake A.I Inserted Chip- I had just woken up and gotten those chills you get that run down your back when it came to me, unsure as to why this type of scenario came to mind.
The statue in my garden keeps being moved. I'm going to find out why this is happening.
I started working at a new pharmacy, I found a weird set of rules to follow - Part 1
Ashes to ashes: dust doesn’t reform.
There's a woman I don't recognize in my wedding photos
Dark Powder is Falling
I Found a Phone on a Train. I Should Have Left it Alone.
Wicked Little Things
Biggest Happy New Year offer of NoSleep Horror Books is going on Fire
She's Back
Looking Glass Dancer
Has anyone else started getting weird looks? If you have, I think I found a reason.
A bite victim, a abandoned car, and 4 idiots
There's something behind the fireplace.
Boyfriend's new diet
LA VIEILLE DAME ET LES CHATS
My Hand Can Only Survive In The Stomach of My Friend. I Need Your Help.
the monster in my closet
Hey, can some one help me ???
I need you (to tell me spooky stories)
Gardening always brought me closer to myself.
Hey guys who experienced paranormal activities. what is you story?
My Friends who are Dead
Working As A Porter At An Old Chevrolet Dealership
Sleeping troubles
Help me find this story
My daughter died five months ago. I'm being contacted by her since the last two days.
They Found Me
How to Survive Camping: Rule #17 - the man with no shadow
Meet Joan.
My Final Case (1/2)
I think something tried to get in my room.
Memo: Re: missing contents of lot A07-4B
There’s a human on top of my bed
Step on a Crack
The Hanged Man is Back
Fireflies
There was a reason why my neighbor's Halloween decorations always looked so realistic.
I’ve lived in an apartment for 2 years, the floor below has ‘strange’ people
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART THIRTEEN
The Wichita Werewolf
i need submissions for a book
Never Talk To Strangers
I saw something while hunting in the woods and I don’t think I’m going to hunt ever again
We're in the wrong Chicago. The city will burn.
I solve the "Rules". Former humans are the easiest to deal with.
Always watching me part three.
Trunk-Or-Treat
I recently went on Small World in Disneyland, and near the end, I really didn't wanna go again for at least a long while.
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Know Who I Am
The Nasty Website
La bergère ( Part 1 / 2~)
my hauntings since i was very little
SOMETHING WAKES ME UP EVERY 12:02 AM
What is Mr. Purple?
I tried past-life regression and have been having dreams every night.
Something in Blue Mountain is hunting children
ghosts
Anyone remember this creepy phone number?
A sinkhole opened up in my back garden. I think something may be living in it. (Part Two)
Am I being haunted by my Grandmother?
Hide And go Seek...
Route 4353
The Mocker (Part 2)
He has captured me and I need help-Part 2
Small town memories: Inland hurricane
If you ever receive a commission to complete this drawing, please decline
What happened at Camp Eventide
I hope this never happened to any one else.
Ever Since My Mother Hanged Herself, The Dead Have Watched Me.
"You've got mail."
My baby cousin's witches
I Am Immortal And I Would Rather Be In Hell
I Got A Job As Night Security On A Train. The Train Rules Are Deeply Disturbing (Part 1) Story by - not_neccasarily, Re-upload
Something is whispering to me in the forest, and now my wife is missing
The Forgotten American Conflict
It came from the mines (Part 2)
Our neighbor gave us a book on shadow worship. Now we are afraid to go into our basement.
A dark wet early morning run at 5.30am
The Blue little house
As a Child, I Lived in a Haunted House. I Think Sharing My Stories Might Help.
I Wish We Didn't Stop At The Gas StationHey
Don't Search Wierd Websites
My wife is pregnant and I think the ants can tell
The river...
I woke up to a gruesome murder.
The city beneath the sea
I moved to a small farm and we have some unusual occurrences...
A man sings me a lullaby every night. I don't think he wants me to wake up.
Forget "Elf on a Shelf", my parents bought "Krampus on the Mantle"
I'm the lead architect on a metro project in Sweden. After the latest setback, I'm starting to think that we're cursed.
My friends keep dying and now I’m the only one left.
The Day We Switched the People Off
My father sent me to hand a letter to an 'old friend' in the woods. My life will never be the same.
Marble Man
(True Story) My Hans didn’t feel like mine when I woke up today
My dreams were stolen. So I will steal new skin.
I knew why my mischievous kitty had pretended to be sick.
Looking through a window
The flowers that change colors
Don't buy antique mirrors.
The Masked Man
So, you want to be a dream walker?
I fell through the wall and ended up here.
Questioning these posts?
Price
ᛒᛟᛟᚴ ᛟᚠ ᛞᛖᚨᛏᚺ: ᚲᚺᚨᛈᛏᛖᚱ 2: ᛖᛚ ᛈᛖᛋᛟ ᚹᛁᛏᚲᚺ ᚺᚢᚾᛏ
I can help (Part One)
The restaurant across the street from me must have the best trash
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left a strange set of rules....(part 3) (final)
I was sent this in the mail today. I've never received anything like this before. Help?
Alexios Rosa Was Burned To Death For Witchcraft When He Was Twelve Years Old
The wendigo
theres something that lives in the woods
The crewless B-17 Ghost fortress that landed itself
THE INTERNET IS FULL OF SECRETS. SOME, YOU SHOULD NOT SEE.
For years, a man came into my room and watched me sleep
There's a hole in my bathtub.
true story, please give feedback
The drunk
Fear//Sum
Scariest thing to wake up to... (TRUE story)
Source-less Shadows Have Been Following Me For 13 Years
People in My Community Are Going Missing
Order # 0001
Good Night
I Live At The North Pole(Part 2)
The Order is coming
I Went Missing Four Years Ago. Today I Woke Up In A Town That Doesn’t Exist. (Part Two)
my experience in the deep web... a god forsaken place
I found an old box of vhs tapes in my attic
When love burns out.
They Ignored MeI care about my roommates
I realized my whole life was planned out, now they’re trying to kill me
Worm
My lovely Guillotine
You should fear the darkness, not what’s in itThe Letterbox Slot
I had a visitor today...
In the Forrest Ahead
Walk your Dog
Anyone have any crime, mystery and thriller stories?
The dancing lady
It's been three years. I didn't think I'd be dealing with this again.
Past &amp; Present: Which One Visited?
A Bet
I found a Red Stick in my backyard I shouldn’t have touched it...
My friend lives in the mountains and now I believe in extraterrestrials
It’s 2 a.m. and I can hear strange, animal-like squeals outside approaching my flat.
Please read this...
The Figures (Part 2)
My Insanity
The Ache of One More Summer
The Way The Sand Blows
I think I'm in love, but there's ... something wrong.
Enjoy your vacation at Lake Chillmoore - Plan a weekend , spend a lifetime -(FINAL) Part 4. The Arrangement
I Can't Sleep Because Of The Screams Pt 2.
Lightning Changed My Brother (Part 2)
Hey, I think something is wrong with the gerbil...
Charlie..?
The Shadow man and the Shadow dog
I saw your face
I know someone that works for NOAA. The disclosure rumors are 100% true, and the species in question is aquatic.
Someone has attached a horrible thing to my body and now everyone is conspiring to make me think I'm insane
GHOSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't know what to title this
I heard scurrying coming from my attic and called an exterminator but he never showed up
#MeToo, My Blue Balls and Absolute Evil: A Cautionary Tale.
Beyond the Fragility of Life
The forever patrol
CrypTed Truck (4)
3 YEARS AT HAPPY’S CLOWN SCHOOL
Why I went missing for almost a year
I can't trust anyone anymore.I wish I could have just stayed asleep.
No Strings
Help, I can't go out from my bedroom
The cursed plushie
I can't deliver this pizza.
Society of the Divine Dragon
There's a labyrinth under the art museum
Nothing.
My Sex Doll is Malfunctioning
Bipolar Disorder wears many faces, and so do I
(DISTURBING) I'm seeing a resurgence of the dead?!
My drug dealer had a dark secret.
ENDLESS (pt 1)
I've got creepiest neighbourhood (Real).
Has anyone else tried the forward test?
A Journal Entry by Jon A.
There's something inside me.
I was stalked and attacked by cryptid while camping.
The Devil's Philosophy, Season 1 Episode 2
Ouija Stories
Everyone tells me the most vivid memory from my childhood isn’t real.
Nnn
I heard strange clicks at night. I live alone
Krampusnacht (A Christmas Horror)
I woke up in an empty prison cell. I need to get out of this place
I did my own autopsy
The Floater
I didn’t sleep last night
It Wants Me to Smell the Flowers // Part One
The Community
The Sunlight Ghost of September, Day 2 (Beginning)
Seeing lost souls
The Driftwood Princesses
i think a train transported me to another dimension , and i have the scar to prove it
My room smells like kebab and i cant sleep because if it.
There's a tiny man living in my apartment.
Don't do jobs off the Deep Web
The surreal woman in my painting has disappeared. I think she is out to get me.
I need a break from exploring after this one...
Death has followed my every step, and I'm starting to think, she's just my shadow {Part 3}
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore.
I been targeted from a gang members
What happened to r/NoSleepAudio?
Welcome to Endscreek
I need some advice; There’s a door in the bathroom.
Where the devil keeps his pets
Home Sitting
The Rules – Instructions on How to Succeed at Cat Sitting
I was being stalked, but not by a human.
Christmas MusicMy grandfather was not the avid birdwatcher I remembered
dreams are real if you make them (original horror story)
The Cult
Our cousin is a psycho, and tried a rape attempt on my 13 year old sister.
A woman comes to the cinema I work at every night. She won’t leave.
Spring Flu
My mamma works so hard
Shadow People
My friend is 6492 years old Chapter one NSFW
143 (Part 1)
Hunted in the Appalachian Trail
From Victim to Killer
The Funeral Home that I Work at has a Strange List of Rules Pt. II
My gynecologist bit his nails
Hallucination In The Middle Room
"80% of your daughter's blood was removed." (Chapter 1 - will post other chapters if good feedback is given.)
Something hides in the old barn
I Never Believed In Chain Mail, But Now I’m Dying
The Attempted Assassination
The Rental House
Can't Sleep.. Please Suggest me any firm and affordable mattress
Belfalls Incident
I just moved to a farm, part 1
I finally realize why a dream I had as a kid was a nightmare.
The Girl in the Gown
The Gray Area
I bought cameras for my house because I heard strange noise at 11pm
I'm a landlord in a college town... and I found this letter.
When He Awoke in the Stairs (Pt. 0)
My neighbor has to eat a human being every 24 hours
I’m a ‘Rock-Collector’. I hunt the nightmare boulders of the black beach.
The stone in memory of the hanged BaldKnobbers next to Christian County Circuit Court is missing
Paranormal story with my ex
Help With A Sleep Tracking App
Eleven pipers played the devil's symphony in Angel Hills
The Grey Men
The two homeless men whose heads and face keep changing
Something happened last Halloween
I bought a storage locker that contains a doorway to Hell. I'm opening it.
Doll House
STUDENT SAFETY
My carpool driver hasn't stopped driving for 36 hours straight now.
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this one will sober you up. (Part 3)
Bridgeville
New here
911, the scariest phone call.
Time and Meaning
BEWARE the Animatronic Santa at the Hardware Store!
Ghostwatch Limited
FEAR Pt. 1
I am a security guard at an abandoned apartment.
Last week, I took my 2 young kids for a quick relaxing night of camping into a remote Southern Utah mountain range only to be woken up in the middle of the night by two strange men outside our tent..
Wanna share spooky tales with me?
my kpop fan sister disappeared and yesterday i received an email containing rules on how to find her again
A Lack of Faith pt 1: Kimberly
Titan
I’m a contract killer I have some odd tales (part 1)
The Caretaker
There Are Body Parts In The Water
My Childhood 'Imaginary' Friend.
Sometimes when I sleep, I wake up in a different universe - Part 1
I’m stationed on the Falkland Islands with the British Army. There’s a reason these islands are so important.
Have this happen to anyone else or just me?
I sent my pain to the river
The man on the bench knew too much
The Cold Room (Part 3)
I live in the strangest little town you’ve never heard of, and we’ve got a few bad apples.
The Man in the Black Hat
be careful what you wish for
The Lord's Village
Seven swans are swimming in the park
Am I the AH for wanting the love of my life to have my child?
Accompanied by two vampires, I set out to steal the magical robes of a long-dead seamstress.
THE TOWN ON THE PENINSULA
The Man in the HallwayThe Man in the Hallway Seeks Us.
Future maybe
I used to blog every day, but the cucumber infection has stolen my viewers. Let's move away from memes and for a while and focus on the walking corpses trying to eat us...
Your Generation Is Forever.
How do I deal with the loss of a pet? Thanks in advance.
I’m A Time Traveller, And Something Has Gone Horribly Wrong
THIS IS FOR YOU.
My child watched a lot of Mickey Mouse, I wish he didn't.
Boyfriend always talks about friend/talks to her without my knowledge
I tried to sleep, now I'm sinking into my bed and I can't get up
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are pretty disturbing. (Part 2)
The other side of the mirror
If anyone can help me please find this story I read on no sleep...
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out - Part 2
You can't take back wishes
Help me.
They Heard a Scream
Thank you for trying, but...
This is true btw
The guy from history class
The Window in the Bathroom
The Kids are, Unfortunately, Alright.
I work at a Mental Institution; I’m hearing things nobody else can. (PART ONE)
Im not allowed to see my self at my grandma's house -part 1
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart .
No people were harmed in the making of this film.
At night I hear footsteps in the hall
Excerpt from my story "It Came From a Dream with Black Butterflies"
It's Getting To Be Too Dark (Part One)
The angel of death told me that not everyone gets an afterlife. You have to earn it.
What the heart doesn't want.
My parents recently came back from vacation, but something was off...
Here's a transcript I found: Rocket Alpha One
Reddit Horror Story Youtube Video
Stories from the Thrift Store (part 2)
Help me out!!
Crooked Rock Park
Walmart Creep
His Last Words: They Swallow the Stars and Obliterate the Heavens
The School has rules for a reason: Rule 2It wasnt just a game...
I wish I'd gone to sleep
The Baptized Demon
My Father is a Painter with an Otherworldly Source of Inspiration
Does anyone know anything about time warps?
Baluster Cave
The 1987 Washington State KCVP-W Broadcast Interruption.
Red Roses 🌹
Dimensional discomfort is a rather common feeling
Rooftop Shadow
Strange findings in Kaunas Cemetery
Love is something I found.
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why.
She’s embarrassed and I love that
Sunlight Elementary isn't Haunted, its Something Far Worse
The Monster
I used to be a park ranger. I regret working there.
Can't Stop, Don't Want To Either.
What I think about when I can't sleep
They come at dark
The Cherry Killer
What do you guys think of these scary "Randonautica" Stories ? Could hackers actually get the live locations of people and hunt them down through it ? IN fact, some teenagers found an actual corpse with this
Shape_of_Death.png
I haven’t been sleeping well.
TaxiSo i actually seen a ghost for the first time in my life
I Tired Past Life Regression and Now Something is After Me (Part 1)
their is a spider in my room
The honorable Gustav Badin and the unchristian troll - by Staffan Marklund and Henry R. Enos. [Part 2}
The "man" with the van. (Part 1)
Don’t trust it, trusting it is the worst mistake you could ever make
I'm a leaker, but the document I'm disclosing is banned from Wiki Leaks (part three)
I wish I would have never started collecting Funko Pops
I keep seeing a dead girl on the train.
I found something terrifying in my basement.
I guess this is the end
I was Stalker and kidnaped after I played a game
T
How to have fun at home during a city-wide quarantine
I'm a SWAT Officer who's trying to stay alive in the middle school of hell. (Part 3)
I am a Berserker, now it is my turn to hunt
Kitten
Late night in the morgue
I had the wrong babysitter
A NEW HAPPY me
Codename: Chatterbug
The Truth of What We Are
A good deed done is its own reward
Winter is upon US.
I'm an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence (Part 2)
Pink Scissors
Creepy shadow
The Wraith can give second chances. They don't come often, though.
There i\Is Something Very Wrong With My Uncle Part 1
I think my wife wants me gone
I thought I only witnessed a Suicide
زيارة عائلية
"saved"
My pug, Bubba
Before the Dreams Begin
Gaga man
Greenview High School Has Been Locked Down And Someone Is Killing Us All. Please Help.
The Day I Angered Something
My hands
The God Farm (Part 9)
The Begger From The Docks
Mcgregor vs Poirier 2
My roommate can teleport
** Trigger warning for Abuse Victims or anyone with uncontrollable movements **
The Girl in The Corner
My Sleep Paralysis Has Taken A Terrifying New Turn
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and panic is setting in.
A letter to you, my beloved.
My Apple Watch Is Telling Me The Future, And I Dont Know How To Respond To The Last Message Sent
I'm a Police Officer In Jimsville, Tennessee, It's Back
I'm playing a video game that turned my town into a sandbox RPG.
It’s been two weeks. I just want to “wake up”.
I Am Mr. Handsome
My meds stopped working
The clog in my shower drain
An uncontrollable craving
You were never born and are already dead.
How I got my Green Thumb. (Part One)
Hungry Like the Wolf
Breaking News! BEACH Exec Found Guilty For Mass Murder!
There’s Something in My Pool...
Bon Appetit
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me.
DUNGEONS AND DARKNESS
A Deceiving Appearance
Youtube channel????
Instructions for delivering a package
I need some help, I think I've woken up.
I don't know what it was, but I think I'll stick to day shifts from now on.
I am a new ranger for the US Forest Service and some strange things have been going on in a mine in the mountains.
The Cave in the Night
How to Survive Camping - I made a bargain
Im having trouble with falling asleep since that night, dreams are often a bit too real after all.
The Thing On Panther Top
My mother's cult won't leave me alone.
It's hard to fall asleep
I think my brain tumor brought me to another dimension
July 2020 Voting Thread
He's always watching
The Neighbors Above
I'm A Mall Santa, And Something Is Seriously Wrong With These Elves.
I accidentally killed my daughter, now she's come back to kill me
There's a ghost in my apartment. I think the neighbours know more than they're saying.
There's a statue of a man in my hedge
My nights in driftwood acres trailer park
The Knockers
If I try my absolute best to change and still fail, does that make me a bad person?
The Sound of Madness
Don't feed the worms.
Hell's game
An Epidemic is Replacing the People of a Small Massachusetts Town
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea.
My Own Personal Hell (Part 2)
Encountered
My Meth Psychosis Story Or Maybe I Saw The Other Side?
I think I'm stationed on a submarine that has a demon attached to it.
THE MANGO TREE
Update on haunted barn, with stitches
The clown at my birthday party
My husband is draining me:
A Strange Town
Once Amish, then shunned and now I’m rich
I've been having nightmares about killing people for years. Today I found out they weren't dreams, and I know who's going to die next (Part 3).
This Device Finds All of Your Lost Photos
The story of when my android phone got hacked.
Katie Flowers
The Otto-Tashiro Game
Thorns and Budding Bushes.
Molly (Part 2)
I'm currently stuck in my apartment with armed guards keeping us in and strange creatures also keeping us in, please help.
Strangest things found in the woods (real stories only)
If you contract a demon to your soul... be careful.
TLDR: A nightmare i had
Legit question - cold spot on bed
About Daniel: Part 2
I Found an Old Journal.
A Game You Can Never Win
My Silent Screams
I work at Walmart. There’s something in the vents.
I’ve always been afraid of the dark.
Unmasked
An old man is trying to sell me his teeth
do not play the elevator game (PART 2)
TIFU by not eating the mandatory work ‘Popsicles’
The midnight racket I had to listen to for a long while (true story)
The Nameless Ones
Leaves
I found something awful on my grandma’s iPad.
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: An uncanny early morning occurence (Apartment B)
Report from an exploratory mission in rainforest of Southern America
I'm an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence: Finale
The Final Episode of Georgie Bears Fables.
Nocturnal Nightmares
In my hometown, cancer is a communicable disease, passed by evil deeds. STAGE 4 (Part 2)
My baby sisters imaginary friend turned out to be a sinister entity in disguise!
I saw something amongst the trees
Mommy’s home
Raggedy Man: Part 1
It took my best friend.....
Update To The Old Journal
I know my time is near
I will keep you alive
Last night I slept with my window open
Therе is а Yоutubеr сalled "Lеon Fаraday" thаt leаrns evеryweеk а nеw skill. Нis rеlаtives раssed awаy when he wаs 14, he mаkes vidеos аbоut оwn experiеnсe of mаstering nеw skills аnd another vidеos for pеоple to kееp motivatiоn tо leаrn and try nеw things, becаuse we hаve оnly оnе life !!
Im a 911 operator, and i just revieved the most horrific call.
If you see and ad for DreamReplay, don't buy it!
If you communicate with a Taoist deity, don’t ask questions you don’t want the answers to.
What Stared Back
Holt Summit, Missouri
The picture of the treasure chest
The Last Words of Little Children
I Think I Am The End Of The World
When God Falls
I'm a doctor who studies sleep, one of my patient's dreams doesn't make sense
How My Dead Father Saved Me
It's Tough, Buying Men's Perfume
Tales from the Pollack Pt.2
face...
Kicked out of my house so I bought an RV. Something else lives here with me. Part 1.
My Name is Cornelius Crom, and I Hunt Monsters.
You all need to Chill about Skinwalkers
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I thought it would (continued)
The Cathedral
Herobrine is real, and he will never leave
I visit thousands of rest stops yearly as a semi-truck driver, but there’s one in Texas I refuse to stop at.
i went to heaven and back, and this is what i saw
Run, so that I might give chase
I keep hearing someone yell "Hello?"
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 3)
The Sun
'Til death do us part
Whatever you do if you are younger then 20, get the words purple mirror out of your damn head before you turn 20, or you will die in your 20th birthday,
Reality keeps shifting around me and I can’t stop it
I've always loved having a super power. Until now.
Inunaki Mura - The abandoned howling village of rural Japan
2012 - An Airport Snowstorm (2)
There is a Pool.
I'm having very realistic nightmares and it just got worse.
These dreams have been haunting me for the past few days.
The Serpent in the Pond
Childhood Friend
*UPDATE* I'm not so sure what this is anymore. At first I thought I was being hacked/trolled/deepfaked for reasons beyond me, but now I don't know. Putting this on record to keep updates as current as possible.hello my dear mortals, i am death and this is my philosophy
My eighteenth birthday is tomorrow, Help!
Just an average day in Philadelphia.
P.A.N.E.  A Cyborg, a Siren, and a Secret.
The Cinema Slasher.
This is the spookiest thing my eyes have seen.
Does anybody know who put those eery statues on Angelbone Street?
Ya
If you're reading this, it's already after you.
I was accosted on my way to a wedding by a very emphatic bum
Almost..
My mon and uncle spotted an apparition over a video call
Highway 42.05 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you get stuck on it
When Housesitting Goes Bad
I work as a security guard at my old middle school part 1
Unnerving Images
We found a hidden facility in the mountains and now something has happened to Matt
What’s the scariest internet story you read as a kid?
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive.
I Think I Accidently Started a Cult Part 1
Haunting of Hill House stories
I Narrated A Murder Confession
Run from it. Dont look back.
I went on a walk in the park with my dog, something stalked us
Don’t Sleep, Won’t Sleep, They’ve Come for Me
the manchester canal pusher
Post short stories that you would like me to read on my YouTube channel. Delete if not allowed.
The New Sex Simulator I Bought Is A Little Too...Realistic. Pt. 1/2
The Ancient Book and its Incantation
Room 738: Blood, Bathory, and Beyond
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Break-In
The birthday man
Nothing scares me.
How I Was Finally Able To Stop Playing Golf.
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 4)
I just had the wierdest 13 days of my life, and thankfully they aren't my last.
The darkness part:2 train yard
Gabe and Aunt Grace hit the road...
I'm not like other girls
I'm stuck in quarantine, and something is wrong.
Dear Mama, your son speaking to you from Vietnam, 1969.
Beware of Desire Part 2
My Friend Went Missing on the Hunt for "Siren Head." They Only Found Her Journal.
Mentally ill father needs intervention. Any insight or advice would be greatly appreciated. Apologies for the long post but I just needed to get this off my chest. TLDR: Stumbled upon pet cat’s final resting spot, dad didn’t bury her.
I investigate the link between monsters and missing people. Good friends aren’t always good people.
I never die
The Chernobyl disaster was a coverup of something terrifying
Don’t add strangers on SnapChat
The Customer
The Spooklight
My dog ran away last night
This is a‖
They thought they could kill me
We're not supposed to watch the local broadcast channel.
People in my town keep going missing and no one is doing anything about it.
I live in an apartment building underneath the cemetery. Rent is complicated.  FINAL
Something Is Happening in Tevam Sound (Part 3)
A Short Horror Story
Dream Coil: a letter to my personal demon...
URGENT!! Looking for a responsible babysitter for my 4 and 11 year old
The Secrets they Keep...
Blasphemy brings Wendigos
I was experimented on as a kid and now weird scenarios follow me... (TW)
I'm carving this into a cave wall, so someone will know...
5:26
The Flashback
The Red Bunker
Lights in my apartment.
My beautiful baby
Qualia, Unqualifiable
Emergency Alert. Do not look out your windows.
I run an Air BnB, someone opened the envelope. (Part 4)
Don't open the door no matter what
I could be wrong, but I think my house is haunted.
Leviathan (Pt. 1)
I'm a night guard at a local subway station. I found a second user manual outlining some disturbing rules (part 1)
We are all aware now..
Firing Pole
Life pt 1
I’ve been wanting to watch Avatar: The Last Airbender lately. But there’s a reason why I haven’t.. and why I probably never will.
My best friend went missing for two years. She came back today. I wish she didn’t.
June contest winners!
A Door
I think I Died a Little
I am the YouTube sensation “Miracle Mom” and I document what it is like to raise a paralyzed teenage daughter.
After two of her children dying, Klara finally gave birth to a healthy baby boy
I was kidnapped by royalty. The world will soon know our love.
A Guide from A Monster Hunter (Part II)
Snapback
I want to violently murder my friends. Reddit, AITA?
Stonebridge Cemetery chapter 2
I found an unlisted Youtube video. What I saw terrified me.
My parents had a strange rule(part 2):I, Dolorez, the eater of souls
My family runs an all you can eat buffet. -UPDATE-
I keep on hear sounds from my closet
The Voodoo Doll
Super Villain?
There’s something going on in my old house.
my 7 year old self is quaking
He's been watching me?
They took her from me
Mission 117.
What you are living in is not real.
Always be Nice to Customer Service Employees
The midnight racket I had to listen to for a while
The Taxidermist (Part 1)
My wife outsmarted me after she died
I Just Got Married, and I Think There’s Something Wrong with my Mother-in-Law (Part Two)
Little bird, Little bird part 2
Wasn't the night out I expected
The Social Experiment - Part 1
I’m Not Afraid
The Oracle Pt 1
Sometimes, I have breakfast with someone I can't see.
the curse of womanhood (part three)
I can't save my mother. This is my 2664th attempt.
Comprehensive Video Review
Mysterious Mittens
My nightmares won. Chapter 1
beautiful Planners
The Hatchlings
I live in a third world country and I have too many stories to tell.
The Land of Lost Hope.
The Lost Lines (Part One)
Three paths appeared in the woods behind my house. The second led to a waterfall.
GASTROMANCY- PATIENT RECORD 002X54
The scratching won't stop
So I got drunk and went Randonauting with my boyfriend.
Searching for a story
If you don't read this post you will die.
EurekaIt Takes A Village
In need of an occultist.
I work for an agency that does not exist. We discovered something terrible and we can't stop it.
Cherish Every Moment
I think im in purgatory
Im at a family reunion but every hour somebody kills themself.
It hates my music
The Kamikaze Cartoon.
Halloween Night
Love Is About Sacrifice
I’ve Been Flying for almost Thirty Hours and The Flight Attendants Won’t Stop Crying
The Backrooms of Hell part 2 My Worst Nightmare. Again...
My Addiction Story Pt 1 of 2
I made a mistake investigating a local legend
I've been having sadistic thoughts in my mind so much, i unintentionally do horrible things around me.. And i regretted it.
A Better Place
Heaven was Different
“We would love to do a collab with you”
Another Conversation with Nil, the shadow from my closet
Baby, Can You Come Home Early?
My brother was an art collector
The Candle Maker
My journey through Hell
If three boys try to sell you candy at Emeldahm Station, don’t talk to them.
Minis (Final)
The Girl In The White Dress
My best friend created his own ancient civilization. Now everyone wants to "play."
Super Scary Story!!!! Read thru to the end pls!
Naked and Afraid
Gruesome messages need advice
I keep finding dead animals on my doorstep
I’m not dumb.
The Urge: a fictional modern series: PART 1
Let the Fungus Take Me
You Really Should Be Afraid To Die (True Story)
I’m not afraid of the woods, but that thing is still out there. Pt. 1
Somebody Was Occupying My Girl's Bed
the pretty clown
First Post On This Thread
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. Keeping track of my guests is top priority.
Scary creepypastas?
We Went To A Mexican Restaurant Last Night And Now I'm Scared
My peepee hurt
My journey through the afterlife.
A hobo, a pedo..no..a ghost!
The Murders and Mysteries of Error Hill Road Part 6 finale
I Smiled For Him
I only wanted to help him, I loved him so much.
Something slipped under my garage door last night
A Rose in the Mail
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 7
Something about those eyes
I’ve had this dream for 9 years now
I am terrified of the dark
Happy Saturnalia, you filthy animals!
I relapsed into my old ways need help
My sister...the siren:
Oujia at 3 am
I Went Camping Recently, But Sounds of an Animal Dying Kept Me Up
The creepy corner room in my ancestral village home.
I was the kingpin of the most successful and secret Australian drug operation alive, now I'm on the run...
My roommate Zina
Have you ever had a talking dog ask you to hunt down a demon?
She Is Not My Wife (Part 1)
My House Won’t Let Me Leave. Problem is, I’m not alone.
This is not what should happen during a storm - part 2
Has anyone seen this man?
Why I Can't Watch Britcoms- Part 6
Why I became a room loving kid
The house I grew up in | PART 1
Trisha and the End
NOVA KADUNA -- PART 2
Do not click random links especially on the Deep Web. In fact stay away from the DW in general.
I wish I couldn’t see ghosts
I played a private Skribble.IO room and something disturbing happened
2:57 A Lyft Ride from Hell
The Crypt
Why The Jungle Cruise Really Sunk
My Sister Disappeared, I Finally Met Her Again.
I think there’s a spirit living in my daughters toy.
Post three, others ended up removed
Unexpected Knock
I’m losing grip of reality
My friend sent me a creepy message some years ago
An Imposter Within
I work a security job at the local motel.
Don’t pass out in a Casino bathroom
I'm having trouble sleeping.
The walls between world's is paper thin
Don't Trust Her, It Might Get You Killed!!! (Pt1)
Without Warning
I wish Grandma Gene hadn't left me this in her will
oh how society changes
Woke up from this scary dream (real)
If You're Near A River, Don't Drink The Water. Someone's Spreading A Virus
A Manila story
i'm always hungry when i'm off my meds
I’m gonna go sleep
The Shimmer in Reality
The Mask Seeker
Asteroid - Follow-up
The Last Stop
20 Years Ago I Participated in Something Known as The Great Pumpkin Holocaust. I Think It's Time for Me to Pay For My Sins
Something's haunting my baby daughter
I'm a volunteer at a temple stay in the mountains of Japan. There are no ravens in the mountains.
Starting a creepypasta/review channel
I made my sister a promise I didn’t know I would have to keep a month later...(pt 1)
Manage Your Stress Levels to Get Enough Restorative Sleep
The peacekeeping mission
Operation Dagon - BREACH - Part 9
There was a fairy door in my Aunt's home. I found something inside.
That Time I Framed my Friend for Murder
I am pounding my fists against a desk
carona is a hoax
The horror of being related to a Hellenic family-A relatable tale of bloodlines, lust, and intrigue
The "No Where" Game
The mirror game part 2
i'm living in the zombie apocalypse. i don't know how much time i may have left...
Weirdo at Target
Please go away
As I stare into the screen, it stares back into me
Part 1.
The day I was selected for a kidnapping
The Memoir of Mrs Claus: why you shouldn't teach your children to believe in Santa (part 1, consumption)
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the last exercise of basic training...
Yes, the Coronavirus Pandemic is a hoax. And yes, the real pandemic is much worse.
Stories From The Chambers #1 part 1
All is true
The closet monster
I Love Cherry Tomatoes!
Paradisal Sequence
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan.
Coffee Shop
High School Years - Sophomore Year
Marilyn Rose Pope Fights a Poltergeist for Her Ex-Lover
Another gear
You Will Become Furniture
Never Back Country Camp Without A Permit
I Took the Road Less Traveled and It Almost Killed Me - Part 2
You should always close your books before 11:01
Don't buy a weighted blanket
The Sewers
I Hit A Little Boy With My Truck
Why I Won't Come to Your Bonfire
Currently laying next to sleepwalking girl.need help
Spiral out. Keep going.
Need advice for treatment. My girlfriend won't stop eating everything
the darkness is taking over
Birdie Graveyard (w/ unknown voice?)
Shredders of Souls
Our New Home
I'm a retired homicide detective. I'm beginning to suspect that my wife is a serial killer. Pt.2
Finding My True Self
I met a Spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 3)
I thought I needed help that night......
The Void Journal
There was a thing in our cabin
The woman in white
I can’t help but believe in ghosts/demons now...
Doppelgänger part 1
So I'm a missing person now.
Seeds
Weird light (pt.1)
A pedophile messed me up as a kid and now he returned to my life a few years past.
Indulgences of a Writer
Where the Orphans Played, Pt. III
Mark’s Survival In Hell: Part 1
the witch of the walls
A man tries to kill us after we ding dong ditched his house.
I think I am going crazy living on my own part 2
Superficial
My dog is and will forever be my best friend
Always rake the leaves.
My name is Joshua Kevin Howard and I move a lot and the weird occurrences follow me.
"I want to stay dead."
Spooky Pills (14)
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. I've just discovered where they're all going.
Have You Ever Heard of a Game Called Relevancy?
I used to babysit kids and was attacked by the parent - I can’t get over it
Flash Frozen Town
I Found the Cell Phone of a Missing Person... And I Think I’m Next
Some Short Stories I have heard from my friends
They say if you dream something multiple times, it is sure to come true...
The Missing Souls
I'm a guard at a containment facility. What I saw down in 7B was not human. (Part 1)
My Brother and I Like to Play Hide-and-Seek
Does anyone have any extra fingers I can borrow?
I have the ability to cause "unexplained" catastrophes whenever something makes me angry.
My friend and I are driving across country. I stole a USB drive from a diner and am astonished at what I found. Part 1
3 to 5 Horror Stories needed for Live YouTube Stream. Will Pay $
O⃠f⃠y⃠o⃠u⃠c⃠a⃠n⃠s⃠e⃠e⃠t⃠h⃠i⃠s⃠r⃠u⃠n⃠
6 Miles for the Spider to Feed
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Black Valentine (Part 1)"
The Legend of Mary Knot
The game I deeply regret playing
My brother's being too nice to me.
I Think the Company I Work for Tried to Kill My Best Friend!
The Shadow in the Attic
The Wolves
Song about Nightmares
Don’t get fooled
Me and my friend are being hunted
Agnest's Grill meals
We need to get out, but someone just cam in.
Welcome to the Eden Retreat: Fraternization is Encouraged
Short Story: The Faces
Something terrible came with the rain
Something lives in my school's vents
My uncle sells meat out of his house.
I kept hearing my dead cat's meow at 3 in the morning... and then this happened
The True Story of Peter W. Sutcliffe, AKA The Yorkshire Ripper
They Mess with Me in my Dreams
The red man
I left my front door unlocked accidentally and now a dangerous serial killer lives with me.
The TV keeps showing me how I will die
Why I Left My Job As A Flight Attendant
We lost our mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back.- Part 2.
Lying: A freedom that I took for granted!
A girl with perfect routine
I Bought a Fitbit off the black market, I'm pretty sure it's defective
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 3)
We no longer celebrate Halloween..
Hellscape delirium (carcass monolith)
untitled.txt
A spoon full of morphine helps the person go down.
Where is everyone?
Ring Around the Rosie Game
Somethings in my workshop.
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 8)
MY haunted house story!My Grandfather's Last Request
Strange Fare
I literally can't get sleep
I’m a Temp at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, And I don’t want to work here anymore
The Temple on Commerce
Could they have been the same person.... could they?
The Thing on The Island
The Summer I spent with dead people
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart
Ghost in the bathroom
My name is Krista, I am looking for more of my kind.
I’m a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you. Second update.
I met my aunt the other day, she's been dead since I was a child
The Girl From Prom
I Discovered Something Horrible in the Walls of My Mother's House.
WHAAAAAAAT
Never order Domino's
I Encountered Pure Evil in the Woods that Night
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up. (2)
I work for a company that recovers strange artifacts. Workers must follow specific rules to survive. (part 3
I study people's dreams. But this guys dreams, where my nightmares.
The wood behind my house are... strange. Part 1.
Hello,this might be a bit random
There's something in the attic and it's starting to freak me out too
About Primer
The Virtuoso
A Nightmare of Grasshoppers
My name is Natalie Hart, and I’m dead.
One of us is an imposter
Her sister they kept in the attic.
I found a diary from 27 years ago hidden at a tree, now strange things keep happening (Part 1)
Waiter in the Woods: Intro
I couldn't sleep
If a Stuffed Animal talks to You, Don't Talk Back
Fear of Clowns
There's something in my house and it's not human
the flash
They call me “The Mind Eraser.” I wish I had a gadget like in the movies, but I have to do things the hard way.
N14 to Olifantshoek
The Black Pills Part 5Any tech I use glitches when I use it but now I'm starting to notice a pattern. I wish I never had.
Donald Wolly in the anime was better than JOE!!!!
The monster that haunted me and my sister
When I was a child I kept seeing dead people and now all I can do is hear them.
The girl who follows me
Not a story.
Why can we see ghosts but not God?
The Haunting of the Hotel. (Part 1) The Ten Rules.
My son went missing ten years ago. Now i know the horrible truth.
I have met the Hundred Eyed God (FINALE)
I was left at the Tree
Strange creature is trying to trap me
The Curse of the Harbingers Part 2
Our cottage
Bailey's Here (Part 3)
Disneyland’s Closed, But Not Empty
Miss Poppy Home For Girls; "Thoughts?"
The little Town of Seymour
Lagoon
I fight ancient beings and I have some stories.(Part 2)
Time Out
Keep Looking
I always knew that there was something wrong with my reflection
I Bought A Secondhand Laptop For Parts and This Is What I Found (pt 1)
When you hear the whistle don't whistle back
I exchanged my Baby Teeth for Favors
Easter eyes
I spent the entire night at the top of Bleeder's Lookout
Never go to the youtube channel Fryskes Clogs
404 Sleep Not Found
The SuperMarket Memoirs Complete Listing
Witchcraft is real... now the Darkness won't leave me alone
The lady in the house across the street
Something terrible happens whenever I try to sleep
The Stockholm Lighthouse
The Moon Disappeared
Followed for the rest of my life
I was a phony paranormal investigator, but I might still be in over my head.
'Something' has been residing inside my body for a long time. I got a text today from an unknown number telling me what to do next. I'm lost, please help.
My insane story of escaping a DUI roadblock while stoned with an active warrant... This is the exact moment that changed my life around.
The warm side of the hill
Sam - the impossibly long man who almost gave me a heart attack
The Monster in my Closet Killed Mommy
We open weird portals to the Underworld and pull the Damned out for cash
Something lives under my house and its trapped me
Have You Made Your Contribution?
Don’t call McDonald’s it you’ll get a creepy sound...
Time has a funny way of altering the one's convictions. Too bad it isn't always for the best.
Excuse my ignorance
don't take night walks
Right Place, Right Time
Something Strange Is Going on In My Hometown
I witnessed a suicide when i was a kid. Now, i don't know what it was, anymore
Find Me - WIN BIG!!
A story that is true, but not accurate.
My patient wears a tinfoil hat. Now I know the horrifying reason why.
I have no idea if this smart kid killed my friend or not.
DONT TALK TO THE MIXRACED KID
I went to investigate supernatural phenomena in rural Tennessee and what I found was far beyond even my most hideous nightmares...
Boxer’s Blues
What happened?
I’m a new ranger for the US Forest Service and I’m nervous about some strange things that have been going on lately.
They walk amoung us.
7:20 am
An Angel Answered My Prayer. I Wish It Didn't.
Has anyone else here tried intermittent fasting?
In God's House Part One
All the adults have gone
Missing Persons Investigation: Helena Leyva Interview, 6-11-2019.
Part 4 (Final): I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I found something in the basement tunnels..
The coast isn't safe (Part 2)
I think I'm being stalked?The Seeper of Madness - My Diary
Hello there.
I stopped for coffee this morning, and now I'm in a nightmare.
Large shadow charging at me in bed
When he appeared
My Family Is Cursed- But I Am Fighting Back - Part 3
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Dress Sandals for Women Low Heel 2019 New Summer Open Toe Slip-On Rhinestone Jeweled Dress Sandals
The Sandman
The truth will set you free
Creepypasta: The legend of Chris Brown- Halloween- 1 part
My Brother is Obsessed with Music
I died in my sleep... I guess.
Pursuer
The Monster At The Window
Sleeping with my parents was terrifying
The Cake Day
Periodic paralysis
Smile Summer Camp
Ian Murdoch and the case of Graham Ellington
My nightmare read into reality
I Make People Happy
never bring strange things home
The Bald man. By Wallace Grim
I work the night shift at an abandoned hospital...
The remains of my son
Never Illegally Adopt
I'm not human, nor is this my world.
My family has been camping on the same island since I was a kid, and some very strange things have happened there.
My Best Friend Is Missing And I Need Help
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard.
The Canadian Case Files
this is very short, please take some time to read it
Primordial Fear
A lady followed me on a hiking trail in Central Michigan, I don't know if she was human...
Formless, it stalks( part 2)
Papercut
An old man was mugged by three teens. One by one the teens are found dead.
Lucidity and the Afterlife
Phosphine Detected in the Atmosphere of Venus. They Have It Wrong.
I Think it is the House
The two shadow men
I joined a group that made useless degrees useful for a while
It’s been 10 years since my brother disappeared. It’s time people know the truth about what happened. It’s what he would have wanted.
my girlfriend went missing a year ago.
I washed up on a desolate island with no knowledge how I got there, but I’m now all but certain it wasn’t an accident
NDisasters have been happening in my dreams and now they’re happening in real life.
The walls between world's is paper thin.
Smoking with friends.
I went on a campout and now my friend is acting weird.
My Encounters with the Supernatural or How I learned to stop worrying and love the Mothman
Remember to Lock Your Doors Part 1
My buddies and I went camping in a remote forest. We found a child wandering in the dark
Fim
I don't know he was a...
Me and Her
Worst Night of my Life
I used to hear scratching on my closest door as a child
"Someone is typing..." P.4
Grandpa Tucker’s Lobster Bucket
Now, even shadows make me jump. I need help.
I inherited a pub in the city, some people aren’t easily thrown out.
HELP! Stories that I can't find anymore (YouTube &amp; Reddit)
Does anyone know if there is an active market to buy and sell rare materials? (Haor of a Virgin, Blue Quaker Feathers etc)
The Triplets Of Terror
I saw what taps on my window at night.
The Reason Why I Hate Blood Rituals
My brother used to make up monsters to scare me as a child. I won't forget the Huggy Monster.
Snow Angels Destroyed My Town.
My New Old Cat Saved Me
They told me my baby was special part 3
If you see a human, run. Here’s why.
Stop posting in no sleep, you're killing Millions.
I'm a international P.I. and I've seen some things...
Some Of My Most Unexplainable Stories...Your Never Alone...
Don’t fuck with the dark web
I worked at what i thought was a kindergarten
A man watches me in my sleep, If I wake up, he will get me...
The Soaking Man
I Hear The Same Bird Every Night Outside My Window. Last Night, It Stopped
My Basement Just Felt Funny
Follow me
Never Walk At Night
My first ever monster
This Story Was Passed Down From My Family For Centuries
the scariest thing that happened to me.
Children of the Raven (Part 1)
Why are we afraid of death?
If anyone has an explanation, help me... please
The Room With The Never Ending Darkness
The Boys and I VS. COVID-19
I Traded a Pencil for an Item that Should Not Exist
My Grandpa was a Demon Hunter in the Vietnam War (Part 2)
ALWAYS put cookies and milk out for santa.
I'm stuck on a train to alternate realities - Diary entry 1
Let him in!
I've found formerly unknown Soviet research papers, and I don't know what to do.
Short poems written during my last toxic relationship
Very scary
Is it a bad omen to smell death in a graveyard?
I Finally Cured Myself of My Phobia of Sneezing
hey
Glowing Lights on Manitoulin Island
"Don't Be Silly, There's No Monster In Your Closet!"
the circle: alpha
today
For if I Stop, the Universe Shall Surely Fade
What Marijuana Strains Work Best for Sleep?
My nightmare last night
Don't let your children have imaginary friends
Grin For Me?
Cutting
Something other than Voudou - pt. 2
Peripheral
My dark tourist adventure to Russia's Cannibal Island.
We Went Camping In The Jewel Basin and I Don't Think We're Going Home
Haunted or hallucinations?(please help)
I saw a ghost(proof)
Im a twitch streamer and i have a crazed stalker
The Night When All Was Lost
Hiding Places
PART TWO: The Way The Bunsen Burned
Zestativic's cult of madness.
The Challenger Deep is not the deepest part of the Mariana Trench. But what lies at the true depths are absolutely horrifying.
Calluses
I had a dream 7 days ago
I collect Bootleg Media as a hobby, though sometimes I wonder why.
Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline Has Been Around A Lot Longer Than You Think
You always have a choice, but sometimes the choice is made for you
The ice cream man.
What was it.
THE DRAIN
Exhibit 1: The Drift
The final words of Doctor Mason
The Office With The Tinted Windows is Full of Faces
Skin Car
How to Overcome Writer's Block
The Thanksgiving Horror That Occurred in My Hometown
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and The HOA is Becoming a Dictatorship
Making Friends Is So Hard
I'm in a pretty hairy situation....
I’m so very hungry
Char-Man's Revenge
I’m part of a rescue mission, in an underground cave… on the search for a missing girl.
You need to stop reading, right now.
A trip from Stockholm to hell
I'm Leaving This Here in Case of Another Event
The Forest Part 1
What if it ain’t pandemic?
Someone is delivering disturbing packages to my house.
Mental health
The evil inside you
Painting with you.
My night-shift job at the gas station left me a list of rules
I used to do Special Effects Makeup, now I’m a makeup artist for the dead
I want to tell my mom that I’m atheist, but she is a dense “Christian” and doesn’t like when I don’t pray, read the Bible, etc. Anybody have any tips?
If you find this
They Found a Diary Under his Bed
The day I lost my arm to a cult in the Philippines
I went hiking a few days ago and I'm still trying to process what happened.
I work at a top secret base in North Dakota. Something really bad happened
The Girl at the End of the Hallway
Something got attached to me during my night shift. Part 1.
SpiderI Inherited My Grandfather's House and His Nightmare
Sharing a Nightmare. How that fits into no sleep you can be the judge.
Dinner Time
I've been listening in through Siri and I'm not going to stop
Penance (part 3)
The Courtyard of Morpheus
The last year in the life of Peter the Nobody
The Baptized Demon 2, the war
I’m a member of a secret cult. I think you have heard of us
The fate of my son lies with a twisted game; and every Christmas, I am duty-bound to play it.
The shushing man.
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 11
Scariest thing that ever happened in my life
Roadtrip
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream  FINAL
Here u have scary stories collection
It's not what it seems
The creepy man in the bushes returned to me
My sister lost her memories, but she acquired someone else’s
GTA6 / I ACIDDENTALY GOT A GAME FROM THE FUTURE/ GRAND THEFT AUTO 6
My family's darkest secret lives in my grandmother's house.
The River Had Always Frightened Me. And I Finally Know Why
I Spent 8 Dollars For My First True Friend
ZZ9PLZA_Subject 498-EE1_Field Notes
I saw an eye protruding through my keyhole.
Hello? Is this a human?
Choice is an Illusion. Your Only Choice is to Accept That
The Sisterhood in Saffron
There's a man at the bottom of the garden (PART 2)
Found Footage
Room 209
Damn I really shouldn’t cook
Me and my ex-boyfriend are hooking up after three months. I think he’s gonna enjoy the new-and-improved version of ‘me’.
She Lived In The Tree - 2
A mysterious person sent me a birthday gift and it’s destroying my life
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 5/finale?)
I smell lightning
I see feelings
My job is watching a woman trapped in a room. Part Two.
We never should have gone to Mars.
My dad met my girlfriend 33 years ago, 14 years before she was born.
How a Close Friend Killed My Parents
I caused a missing person’ case years ago
The Ghost in My House
Daves Weird Foot Fetish
My husband is an astronaut. He was sent home after eating lettuce grown in space
seting a bad pressadent
Tales from a town that stopped existing. (Part 3)
Weird recurring dream? Don't know what to do.
I never believed in reincarnation... but then I met AJ.
I saw something in the middle of the road, and now I'm afraid to get into my truck.
My best dreams are my worst nightmares
Black Friday Gothic
I had sex with a fish
I let a goth girl talk me into messing around with a ouija board... now, something is following me.
The Screaming Man Lives With Us
I still remember that day when I was in kindergarten.
I Don't Like Apples
My name is Heather, and my boyfriend is a shadow.
My Brother Jack and I
Grey City Tales: Sanitation 2
My dad was gifted a candy bowl made from a human skull
There's a war going on in Northern Canada, but it's not against HumansThere is a creature or something outside my house waiting for me
You Should Never Go Boating At Night
Somebody in a mask has been stalking me
Planes disappear there...
A language that only I speak? And a monster that only I can see? (Any Spanish/Italian speakers here that can help me?)
Riverdale Road - Colorado
The Elevator Game won't work anymore and I know why (Part 2)
(03/07/2020) Yeah, 2 Years Through Hell
The same nightmare everyday for a week...
Swing Vote
Deerwomen
This cemetery has tombstones with secret compartments. They all lead to different places.
The house that no one built
The Howls of Silence
My Name is Cristaphor Walkings.
Bruce’s Trip
Hostages
Stories from the Thrift Store: The candelabra (part 3)
Me and my fathers traditions
The Room TW-Extreme Violence
I'm trapped and I don't know where. #1
We bought a new house and i have a feeling something's wrong
I work for a secret lab. We discovered something terrible.
The Ghost of Einstein
How did Raja lose his voice?
My husband hasn't been himself lately
My Alien Experience
Don't Go To Sasser, Georgia's Flea Market
Luck, God, Whatever
The Sunlight Ghost of September, Day 2 (Part 1)
A Simple Warning
Ms. Paralysia
A top secret experiment left me with no recollection of my previous life. (Part 1)
Shiny and Smooth
An unwanted online meeting
Teenagers Weren’t Much Different In 1957
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore.
Every year it takes somebody part 2
Why Can't They See Me (Part 5)
I struggle with sleep paralysis
I think I'm being followed
Alien under my brothers bed
What was my name?
I'm an urban explorer and I'll never forget what I found in an abandoned factory.
The things we thought we banished are creeping back in
Went into my grandma's apartment, the weird smell led me to something horrifying
Didnt't heard a advice, now I'm about to die.
The cross-country road trip that ruined my life.
My students won't stop trying to prank me
As we walked trough the park with an injured friend the person was getting closer to us.
It’s alright, surely?
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 3)
My life is in huge danger and i can't ask for help.
Went ghost hunting in a school.
I am home alone and I am hearing screams.
I am dead.
Confessions of A Cemetery Caretaker Part 1
SuperMarket Memoirs 6: Help Wanted
Dalmatian (sorry about my spelling and grammar)
Exorcism
Thanksgiving with my in laws
Mother Mary's Scary Halloween Ferry
Don't Call Me a Simp/My "Ok Boomer Girl."
Please read this. I promise I'm not crazy. I just want to help. (Part 1)
Strange Cravings
Amnesia (part 2)
I wish I only had one sister
The Man in the Basement
I’m an actor at a Wild West model town. Standoff at the ranch.
Old Yellow Eyes
I saw a "cursed" apparition in my fkn mirror...
mirrors
A fantasy horror novel entitled: Max and the Life-Givers
(Part-1) Hairpin
Sounds in the deep
Can I leave lease early without consequences?
A breakfast at the diner
The Horrors of Supercenter
Tales from Ettumanoor – My Grandmother had a Twin Sister
The ball
We Saw Creatures In the Australian Outback, Pictures Included
Is /nosleep like a subreddit for people to just a practice writing stories?
i hate my school now
Something is wrong with my dad and I dont know what to do.
small town minds stay small
Confinement Tribulations
Blue Smile
Something wants me to stay in the dark.
The moon landing was faked. Or at least the one we saw, and that's for good reason.
I don't know where I am, and I don't know what to do next
Next time you see a delusional old person, take a closer look.
Where did they go?
I've Been Drowning For Years
Yesterday, I died. Today, I will die. Every day to come, I will die.
I befriended my neighboorhood killer, Part 2
A murderer in the town
Project Physics
The Christmas Poinsettia
TIL In 2009 Technology and Man merged in a way that is irreversible. Nano Technology was released from a bio weapons research facility in Groom Lake Nevada. These Bots were self replicating and over the last 10 years have replaced every particle on earth with smart cells.
Please of you notice a loved one smiling or laughing in their sleep, DO NOT WAKE THEM UP
A unusual night #ENG/#RO
There's a sex demon in my closet.
m
My name is Melinda Sparkton. I'm a realtor who has seen some weird things in the houses I sell.
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 5 - Final Update)
Pet Store, but not only for pets.
I shouldn’t have snooped in my best friends room...
Do you believe that Destiny brings certain lives together?
I've started working in a warehouse, and I'm a security guard now...?
TL;DR I woke up to the apoclypse 1
Just walking to work when this happened...
Size Matters
I Fought The Alabama Anti-Abortion Law
Who Saved Who?
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. The saloon is no longer safe.
A sudden chill pt.1
Mr E doesn’t speak much.
The Blinker Man ideas
I have troubles controlling my body when I sleep
An old man lived in my basement. He kept canaries in cages and talked about the secret to life after death.
Don’t ever stop at the Traveling Spooktakular Roadshow
My roommate's been acting weird recently
I played a game of 'Never Have I Ever' that I Never should have played.
Pretty girls make graves
I found someone's diary in an erotica novel (Part Two)
I spent seven days on North Sentinel Island, and I lived to tell the tale.
Danger Roger and The Rat Person
Don’t Stop for Gas
The Doors
I saw the afterlife for 5 minutes, and I dread the day I’m going back.
seeking explanation
ol' green eyes
The Sprinkles Manifesto
My wife went missing last year and I just found a hole in the closet.
My basement has rules, and today I broke one. - Final
I met a deer in the forest yesterday. I think it just broke into my house.
Yo why tf did y’all copyright strike my guy MiniLadd?! I think if anything he brought MORE viewers here. He ain’t stealing content he’s giving it a spotlight.
The Yellow Parrot Named Steve
I can sense the end..
The Crazy Night I had
Tonight I finally reach the top of the staircase
EL Valentine (Greek Myth Story)
Intergalactic discount Terraforming, and Extermination service
You smelled like dry wood
I'm a Marine. Bootcamp sucked.
I’m an actor at a Wild West model town. We tracked down the banker.
The God Farm (Finale)
I'm the police diver who found something I couldn't explain. Here's what I learned about the lake and its "residents".
I've Lived In This House For A Long Time.
My best friend is an oracle. He foresaw my death.
The Prohibition Possession
The Homeless Reaper - First, I heard their last cries. Then I saw why.
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (FINALE)
Couples Therapy is Really Helping My Marriage!
I called 911 and told them to send the S.W.A.T team on me
In the apocalypse, I work for a company that exterminates mutated animals. You'll never guess the most dangerous one.
Who wants some babyfood?
Does anyone know this brand of electronics?
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. Some VERY weird things are going on (Part 3)
Your Astral Adventure
When the Trailer Trash Gang found a tent in the woods...
A Horror Story
I'm addicted to dying
I tried to help Samson
The stall ( part 1 )
This is a true story!
I woke up in a strange and dark desert. A monument to worms and the void.
The scariest quiz I have ever taken
When I was younger, I was told I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm, one night I discovered why. (Part 2)
People have been Snatched from my Dreams – I Think I'm Next
Remnants of a Soul
Bad Blood
Impossible, how? How could this...I won't believe it.
Room 380: The Mermaid Suite
I Broke Daddy's Rules
The ringing in my ears isn't tinnitus: it's a ghost frequency
"Naughty John, Naughty John, does his work with his apron on. Cuts your throat and takes your bones, sell 'em off for a coupla stones." ~Part 2~
An Interview with God
Encounters and Oddities of the Deep South: Always Watching from the Shadows
Business Man's Special
My Pickpocketing Career was ruined by a Malicious Entity
I met some strange deer in the woods.
I thought Mommy was Magic
Women Must Serve Men
Small update on that COMPUTER.
O, Mother Mine!
My Dad’s Family is… Different
My Family is Ignoring the Strange Things My Grandpa Says Because of His Alzheimer's. Something is Wrong.
I wish this was a dream
I Am Blind
There is something very wrong about my new roommate and I fear he might do something terrible.
If any paranormal expert or person knowledgeable in the field Abrahamic mythology is reading this can you ping me please ASAP URGENT!!!!
The lone survivor of the village that disappeared over 200 years ago.
The voices won’t stop
Cabin Fever (part 2)
I took a job as an assistant for Doctor Wong and he had 6 weird rules
Trials of Adam
My Downstairs Neighbors
I Thought It Was a Dream
Something’s in the Closet
We Are In Your World Now
If God somehow got through to you, said he fucked up, and wanted advice on how he could make the next batch of humanity better, what 3 pieces of advice would you give him?
Phil's story
THE TIP OF THE CAT PLUSH'S TAIL HAD A CLAW...
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 2)
Don't look into a mirror in the dark
Never look at the mirror at night...
I just need someone to know.
ONE WAY TO THE DARKNESS
when i played the ouija board in seventh grade **PT 1**
made you look!
Should I Trust the Man Behind the Mirror?
I wished to see how I die and now that I know I’m not sure how to cope or continues my daily routine.
There’s a gang in my neighborhood (PART 1)I shouldnt have gotten through the forest
I am a police tactical operator, and I ventured into a place I wasn't supposed to be. (Part 1)
Space Cowboys!
I see God's dreams
I Lived In A Dangerous Haunted DormitoryTwenty years ago, somebody took my kidney. Today I found out he was.
Room 545: A Vampires Lullaby (Chapter 1)
Hide When You Smell It
What is the creepiest thing that has actually happened to you ??
NEED HELP FINDING A STORY I READ A FEW YEARS AGO!
We escaped but they found us. Our time has come?
The Suicide Killer: Part Two
Hell Under the Surface
Buy Blog Comment - Buy Google Fast Page Ranking
The crying enderman
what the knew world order is
I see dead people in photographs - A day in my life
The Miss-A-Night Doors
I Perform Exorcisms, I travel with the Mother of Demons (Part 2)
Not My Cat
The previous tenant left a survival guide. Can you ever really know someone?
My abusive family reported my boyfriend to the police. Things don't go how I expected them to be to be
I want to sleep, and not wake up
The Desert pt 2
seeHEARsmelltouchtaste
Today I Decided To Walk To Work.
My daughter went missing. The next day I found a doll on my doorstep.
All I wanted was my wife to love me
I was hunted.
Carcass
Story of the slender man!
Favors For Norse Gods: Shapeshifter
Room 2099: A Hundred Year Stay
I disappear the same week every year, and I’m terrified of where I go, “Part 2”
I was a psychiatrist at St. Dymphna's Psychiatric Hospital
Some strange things have been happening since my cat went missing
I fell asleep for the last time today...
The Book of Autonomancy: The Principles of Autonomancy (Part 8)
Catherine and Hannah Commit a Murder
It's been 3 weeks since they started...
Unlucky in love
The Safe Place
The man in the woods pt1
Last in the Dirt: entry 1
help
I might be living with a witch (Update 7)
The Brotherhood
Working at an amusement park: our manager has us do some pretty weird stuff on Halloween
The Other Woman
I Found Something Scary In The Mountain (Part 1)
Ghost girl
Me and my friends had a spooky sleepover!
A follow up to my original post
There's something wrong with my 7 year old brother. I'm kinda scared of him.
Vet techs see some weird stuff (part two)
Found a notebook from a teenager named Eric Bachman
Acceptance is the only escape from the Planes of DeathLegs
I discovered something on a website for my middle school
I'm have been a hunter all my life and something strange keeps happening at my hunting club
My eternal task will begin once more. (Part One)
Best encounter in Vietnam - True Story
Unborn babies choice
The Glass Cage
I think I inherited a murder house (finale)
Love is a hurtful game.
My fiancé’s parents house is haunted
My old job hired a robot...I think.
I live in a complex that keeps strange beings hidden from society. I might not live much longer. (Part 2)
Instead of going to college I'm working with cryptids
Re-telling my grandfather's real life account
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Final)
My Sister Lost Her Name
I'm a Detective, My most recent case involves a Serial Killer.
yes, I see you all the time. when you wake but especially in your dreams. you will see me tonight and may forget come the morning. but remember there is a friend always watching over you
I Was Offered 100.000 Euros to Beta-Test a New Piece of Virtual Reality Technology - Part 1
The horror of what is called "Life".
Light From Below
I've been cursed to live in the shadows. Life will never be the same again.
Mort
Never look into the mirror at midnight.....
We are trapped in an underwater facility surrounded by the mist. Atlantis is real and it is not what you think it is.
DO NOT OPEN.
KINDA SCARY STORIE
I came home from college to spend the night with my dad, and we were not alone!
Lean in close and let me tell you a secret
SH: Prologue
What Washed Ashore: Part 2
Extremely broke and excruciatingly bored
My Monster Family: Zeus, the promiscuous father (Part One)
12 a.m. pt. 2
Ignore the Children Playing in the School Yard
Fugue
Sweet Release - For Those That Seek An End To All Problems
Somethings wrong with this house... I know it.
I kidnapped and tortured my nephew, and killed 2 people before ending up here.
The Sirens Are Here
The Cult Of The Cruel Worlds
I Hooked Up With A Witch On Tinder And I Don't Know What She Did To Me
The Creature in the Forest
I gained consciousness around midnight Pt1
Hello Authors of r/nosleep !
I have something in my house
I'm Trapped in Montana's Killer Bird House
Living in the void(My first attempt at writing so any pointer would be appreciated )
A quarantine broken.
Murderer Pov with a twist NSFW
DERELICT (Part Two)
Horrorscope
I wrote on School desks
All my life I’ve lived in fear of constant war (PART TWO)
**GRAVE ROBBERS --- PART 1: THE DEATH**
Tinnitus to the other side
Ever Since My Brain Injury, I'm Seeing Things That Nobody Else Can See.
I turned into yandere Dev
Someone is planning a break-in, and nobody believes me
The protector
I was abducted by a police officer
Soon, I Will No Longer Exist
Cookie Monster
I am being held captive by a serial killer....Not a joke
Another Night
I'm dead but still alive
Imagine - 2020
The Vigilante and Master Thief vs The World (part 1) - Cuba
Last night the forests returned, and I don't know where my husband is. (part 2)
The Dead Knocked On My Bedrooom Window
If you walk close enough to the train tracks, you will hear something very disturbing.
Every night at 10:43 my wife farts. I wish I never found out why.
Don't post your pets' personal information.
If you go to The Pine Campsite, never look directly into the fire
I’ve Been Driving On This Mountain Road Forever. PLEASE SEND HELP.
The Ouija Board
The 100th
Room
A cure for Tinnitus.
Absentee Parenting
The father and principle were nowhere to be found.
Joe Ride: Part 1
God forgive me...
Bright Light In The Middle of The Woods
Every single passenger in this train is going to die.
New York is built on shit
Weird thunder on a clear day
Ghost Stories from my Childhood -
I decided to uncover my sister's secret. I wish I hadn't... (PART 7)
ggggg
One Man Hide and Seek
Why I hunt monsters : Reason 3 "The monsters keep coming to me"
Room 922: The Room of Your Greatest Fear
I have a box that gives me answers to everything I say, today the box didnt know the answer (Part 1)
I've been awake for 3 days straight now.
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's Missing (4)
Something is clawing my windows and asking for help
Letters from my Husband, I hope he's okay
i had a dream of a murder that might have happened -- sos lol
Just a strange dream
The Rockford Culvert Crawler Strikes Again
The Train Spotter
My patient thinks he's asleep
Level 13 | Horror Story
The day my flowers left.
Your Penis is Not What You Think it Is
Deadly whispers
My grandma's panda doll
Everyone should have a few houseplants—and not just because of the oxygen.
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Part 3
It Started In Chicago: Part One -- The Warning Shot
Divine Intervention
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Five: The last night
I was one of the kids who saw "The Flatwoods Monster Of West Virginia".
EGG
The reflection
Where are the Kids?
I'm a Corrections Officer, but I guard things that shouldn't exist.
I think my Sky+ Box is haunted
Aloe-Emodin
You know how they say the government puts chemicals in your water? I'm the guy who puts them in.
You are the Monsters in the Woods
The Thirteenth
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 3)
Following #1
There’s A Place My Friend Doesn’t Talk About
I work for the FBI. Last summer my partner and I were called to London to help with a kidnapping.
I know where you live!! You have stolen ppls adinity and you have a lot more charges from previous offenses!! You are going to be sent back to your country and your daughters are going to be prohibited from going back with you!! I'm waiting for my detectives to meet me and we will be there soon!
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 1
My family went out for groceries. It's been 43 days, I'm still home alone.
The abandoned prison
Approaching the Void
Loud ass neighbors are keeping me up and I can’t sleep
My Mother and the Darkness
The Thing Under the Bus
Listen to me.
Scariest phone call I’ve ever had.
Well here is a horror story
I Explored an Abandon House and Didn't Like What I Found. (Pt, 1)
The Wal-Mart Ghost Children
I got a job as a ranch hand in northern Washington but something weird is going on.
Theres something creepy going on in my village.
An interesting story I found Online
Salt of the Earth, Part 3: A Peculiar Cavalry
Play raid Shadow legend
Truth About Bible Verses for Sleep - Insomnia
Brittle Bones (Fiction)
I used to do drugs with the people under the bridge
Don't open the doors in the woods...
The Hunger
My Favorite Family Recipie
Forgive Me, My Friend (Part 1)
Fix me.
I was raised by otherworldly beings
1 week, barely sleeping
Reality
Fountain of Youth
I work in a cemetery. I found an urn that takes me to a strange place.
Into the Woods
I'm an insomniac with missing memories. Recently I started to piece them all together and they revealed a traumatic childhood event.
We accidentally built a time machine..... It might have been the biggest mistake of our lives.
Suddenly I can't remember my dreams and I don't know why
There is a small grocery store in the rural side of town. Don't look at the lights.
Why is EVERY story on nosleep is about RULES and FOLLOWING them.
That Strange Feeling (Nightmares Log: 1)
I want to learn how to leave Russia in the United States
The Elementary School (Part 1)
I encountered something in the forests of northern Tennessee...
The hatch
I visited an abandoned water park in Nebraska. I think something came home with me.I WENT TO MY FAMILY MAUSULEUM, I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
The Incident
my old house PT1
My mother sends me letters every year on my birthday warning me. She’s been dead for five years.
Indianapolis
Something's haunting my baby daughter (Part 2)
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 5
TM Order
My Dad Left Me His Tape Collection (Part 2)
4:04
The Devil Knows My Name (Part 1)
1ST NOVEMBER, 1984.
THERE’S NOTHING TO SEE HERE!
Gettysburg Ghost Encounters
I feel watched/I'm scared for my "sweet 16"
The Wasps of Elaria
There's something wrong with the wolves in Montana
Feast
Never Trust a Bot
grandfather, 3:00.
The Spirit Guardian
Quarantine Day 16
I am kept in captivity to watch over the sinners and clean the blood.
We were wrong.
There’s A Road In My Town That Doesn’t Exist | Part 1
It Likes When You Shitpost
The Siege of Area 51 Will Not End Well (part 2)
I keep 'glitching' and going period of time acting robotic and having no memory of it
what does this mean?
When I Was a Kid I Went On a Tour to an Old Mine- Part 1
Im a 911 operator, and i was assaulted
Wake up in the mornin'
The Town Part 1
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Frost BitesI've been trapped in the forest for over a week, and now I can't move.
Camp Red Mill
The day of the demon
It was just a family vacation
Simulation of the Human Body: Dr. Wintz C.C. Jornal Entry #1 - April 26 (1)
I'm worried about my husband.
Satan Spawn
The Forest Celebrates A Long Night
I Performed the Lacuna Procedure - I'm Sorry
Never go to the house of a friend who draws monstrosities.
I was destined to a life of misery, but an envelope saved my life.
I don't think I'm okay
Stalker in the Dark
Thank You For Your Order
The Polaris Experiment (Part 4)
I Have The Same Dream Almost Every Night
Something Took My Daughter
I'm a Photographer With Evidence of a Haunting, Pictures Included
My Dad Left Me His Tape Collection (Part 3)
The Crossroads
Those eyes and that smile
To this day and after my experiences I still don't fully believe in ghosts
There's a local legend in my town about a ghost train. I found the recordings of a reporter who tried to investigate it.
The horror of being related to a Hellenic family-A relatable tale of bloodlines, lust, and intrigue (scary humor)
There are strangers in my house pretending to be my parents (Part 2)
The concert woman
Girl looking for fun in your area!
And the Lord came unto to me in a holy vision
The shadow in my room takes a piece of me everynight and I'm running out of fingernails.
My Roommate is A Haunted Doll, Part 4
Haunted buildings had the best scrap metal. We should have left it alone. (Part 5)
My son let Pan out of his box at noon.
Weird Phone Number
The bus
A walk in the park
Looking through the glass
I woke up on a train with no recollection of how I got there. The conductor wouldn't let me leave.
The Movie Where A Serial Killer Trucker Follows A Couple
I need help PT 1
123123
I still can’t sleep properly after that night in the woods. (PART 2)
Oldhill Lake
Man with long black hair and yellow eyes
The New Girl
I know why you're here.
Letter from Linadra
WE'RE TRAPPED !
Mr. Paisley Stopped Mowing His Yard
The smiling man
A love story
The burn in room 14
do not look for the lost pyro
My Haunted Apartment
Why I Don't Run At Night Anymore (Part 2)
Someone in the other room story
Something I wrote in my diary during 2011. I only wrote this part because the other ones have nothing to do with this.
I don’t have a pulse lol
My dad and grandpas journals
I went camping out in the woods of Appalachia. What I saw haunts me.
Praying ghost
From Myself and the Forest
I am dead
White Room, Red Door
The FBI is using cannibals to hunt other cannibals. They are currently investigating my neighbor. Part 2
There is something hunting people in my indoor storage facility (Part One)
POWER PRINCESS
The Christmas nightmare
MUTTER (Part 1)
My first Horror Story Narrated by myself
I had sleep paralysis but this is going to sound silly
The long-legged beast of the Magura Forest
Joobert
Why You Should Always Honk If You're Horny (Part 2 of 2) - A "Rules of the Road" Story
My Parents Adopted a Bear Cub and I now I’m Paying The Price
The secrets of the farm
Seven seconds.
The Springbrook Dental Practice
The Farmer Follows
Hey no sleep writers. This would make a half decent "lost episode" CP.
Dream come true. I dreamt about an unfamiliar man and I met him for REAL!!
My school cafeteria is serving a new drink, Dark Chocolate Milk.
My neighbor made a bargain with winter. Then I followed in his footsteps.
Found a creepy video guys (link in subtitle):
Good thing I was tired.
The House We Lived In Recorded Memories
I encountered a family of werewolves
I used to be a janitor at an mental institution
Bloodboy
The Night I Found My Parents In The Basement
There is something watching me, under the rain.
Lost and Found
I bought my daughter an iDog....and now I think it's hunting me.
A Few Oddities of our Public Library.
My Friend and I did something bad at the movies when we were teenagers. (Part 1)
I discovered the dark secrets of the forest I live in...
Keep Off The Grass
My dog Boston
My Friend at the CIA just sent me this classified document.
My Happy Pills
Please, run and hide.
The spirit of devils curb
The Glass Eye
The Memor of Mrs Claus: my story - why you shouldn't teach your kids to believe in Santa (part 1)
Things are disappearing out of thin air
Nighty Night
I fell asleep on an airplane
Something killed all the plants inside the Brighter Futures Community Clinic
Life Advice
Every year I take a camping trip by myself; after this trip, I can never go back
Flight of a One-Winged Butterfly
2y.o self talked about apacolypse
I found something in a lofi hip hop livestream, and I’m not sure what to do now.
I was asked to share my story in an interview, so I did. That story is how a simple dare turned into a night from Hell
Crossroads Creepypasta
If it notices you, don't worry
I’m a prostitute, and my latest John asked me to do something strange
Why Can't They See Me (Part 2)
Our Town's Forest Doesn't Have Any Tree's
They are watching our every move and no one knows anything about it.
They Reached The Shoreline But Their Nightmare Wasn't Over.
But strange things appeared in my house after the pandemic began.
I think there's something living here with me...
We went camping in the Jewel Basin and I don't think we're going home
The Shack
A ghost followed me
I had dreams of a dead kid durring my pregnacy.
No sleep use to be good till you realize all the stories here are made up, get repetitive and boring.
Insidious intentions
Dont Let It Pop
The Teddy Bear ‘Picnic’ | Part 2
That was the last night I walked across the outpost without loading my gun first.
It’s hunting season, stay safe.
I Work At Area 51. Theres strange things here, but this was weirder than normal.
My son died a year ago, but he won't stop crying for me to end the pain
Someone is watching me as I sleep
I survived the night, so here's a story of when I saw a man in my living room.
**Not a story, just a question**
Your Life: The Show
creep at night
I grew up in a haunted house-Sam and a few other surprises
Breaking news
Of Fire And Ash
I used to be a Babysitter...
Pennington HS takes highschool evil to another alarming level (pt. 1)
The 3 Am man
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was.
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- I know what’s living in the woods (Part 10)
But it was just a dream... wasn't it?
Listener Submitted Stories
Stay on the Straight and Narrow and Seek the Light… or Else! (LAST PAGE)
A demon is trying to harm me... ( Unfortunately, True story)
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 8)
I was experimented on, something's wrong with me...
The Deer On Mille Lacs Lake
One Shining Moment
The Thing in the Walls.
Don’t Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 1)
3 Things to Consider Before Preparing Your Meal
Dead sights
Something odd is happening in my apartment and I don’t know how to stop it
LUCID DREAMS , paralysis and sleep disruption.
If you find a hot spring in New Hampshire, don't drink the water.
Take a look at the dead person's face before leaving a funeral
Mr snuggles
I think something is haunting my town, or at least me and my family
Something has been killing the crops
The little girl who scared me half to death
There is an apartment within my apartment
Fontainebleau Forest
have you ever seen the void of space?
Night Life
Hurricanes aren't the only terrifying natural force
The endless road in my dream actually ended somewhere
Two Strangers in a Cabin
The School has rules for a reason: Rule number 2
My most vivid nightmare
The beast that lives deep within Deer Tail Hill
I could feel the presence of invisible beings, it was terrifying... (PART 1)
Peagull.com
I Lost My Eye But Finally Saw the Truth
Keep crawling, little darling
Waiting for my bus ride
I Got Desperate And Joined A Weird New Dating App
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. : The Archives.
The Many Eyes of my Mother
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 11)
No Extra Lives Part 1
I have a interesting story to tell you
The Unseen
The Nightmare Box
The ‘47 Special, Part 2
Haunted Stuffed Bunny?
The Hedge
I can't stop typing.
He told me I was special, but I didn't want to be (pt 2)
‘Unwanted things’
The Witch's Ring (pt 1)
Ashes in the Fall
To r/nosleep
Bag of Bones
If you can see this, it is very important that you keep reading
I interrogated a cannibal, and I horrified him.
I don't know if my neighbor owns a monster or is the monster
I'm slowly losing grasp of the sanity left in me.
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 4 - The Dance
The Witching Park (Part 2)
My Professor Showed us a Cave Painting and Now I Need Some Advice
The Bandaid Man
The Little Girl in the Cabinet
I remove animals that no one wants anymore. One of my clients is following me.
Imaginary Alice
Never Go TV Shopping On Craigslist
Im part of the monster extinction agency
The Next Day.
I don’t like mirrors
Phantoms of the stolen hearts
How to Survive Camping: Rule #17 - the children without a wagon
Imperfect Precision
A classic tale and the authors rendition of "The deal"
My mother truly scared me today.
Winter Camping isn't for WeebelosConfessions from a Place Called Smaltowne, Q.S.A.
Released
the Canadian Case Files (Part 1)
Any advice?
My birth mom reached out to me, and asked me to join the family business
Item# SCP-4331
The King in Yellow Arrives
The situation. The envelope. My decision. The consequences.
In my head?
HOW TO: Do psychedelics in a convenience store restroom, and why you should reconsider.
Homeowner left me a set of rules, I broke one.
Joyce Started a Live Video
I will burn the world
Me and my Friends took a weird walk in the Woods, It has rules
It was in the closet at first
Don’t get close to the tree
Black wood
Creepypasta Authors Stories
the Greenwich Strikes Back (IV)
You Humans Disgust Me (Part One)
My life was perfect until a couple of weeks ago
How to Kill Someone Safely
Childhood memories part 2: The house of God
Someone has hijacked my friend
I got paid heavily to organise a rich family's closet, but I had to follow really weird conditions.
What is the most controversial thing that you have ever heard?
I Reported What I Saw (Part 3)
A Miserable Mystery of The Great War
My dream
Whats Going ON
Does anyone know a good exterminator?
The WellThe Depth at Tears of The Turtle - Final
I’ve spent Christmas alone for the past eight years. This year, I invited guests... but not the ones I wanted.
I saw my Professor die - but he was back teaching class the next day
The Hole in Redfall Park - and whatever it was that came out of it.
Weird sounds from a phone number
The Monsters in Our Hearts and Heads
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. It’s time to say goodbye.
The Sleeping City
My cousin emailed me this letter. No one has been able to reach him since.
My sister see's ghost.. Part 1
Under the Ground: It began with the tunnels what weren't supposed to be there
My grandmother used to rent out a room in her old house and we found a set of rules she left for tenants (Part 2)
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules
Never Go to The Pound at Night (The Smirking Dog) creepypsasta
Do you see me?
Ghost Guide #1 (Kuchisake-Onna)
I was a janitor at Beaut-i, and it haunts my dreams
Something Happened to My Dog
I've only ever made one good choice.
I woke up in the same place I do every day, and everything was the same
I am afraid that I might be under a Laplace's demon effect
Congratulations, you will be the night guard of our private mansion.
I’m clueless
The Wolf at the Door
The holes in the roof of my mouth
Bootleg Meg
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 2)
The thing that follows me
She uses my feelings as inhalants
Them
SFW ASMR OnlyFans: Book reading
DONT PLAY THIS GAME!
The Monster that Held Me Hostage Threatened Me to Title this "Personality"
The window watcher
Night terrors (part 1)
Margaret is a witch
I killed my mom so that I could live
Uknown Species of Fly
Hebron Ohio
Three Days.
Chocolate Chip Cookies
I Think My Friend Is Also My FBI Agent, Please Help
The Trail Of Fears
The staring old lady
Project 2098.
I lived with my father in his lab. He might still be alive.
A presence in the dark
The house across the street is eating men and I don’t know what to do.
There's just to many spiders
I was sold a mansion for £100 (124.50$) I wish I never even thought about it
Does anyone else have a memory of floating down the stairs as a kid?
My Penis Didn't Come Home
The real reason the Secret Service shot Kennedy
He left me, now he regrets his choice.
Inner Beauty
That Faint Noise
I hearing... what?
Humanity's original mistake.
I always look up when I go to the bathroom
6 months ago my friends and I played with an Ouija bored, I'm the only one still alive.
Whoever made these rules, toss yourself
It’s Night Time, My Hallway Light is On and I Just Saw Someone Walk By
Traffic stop turned bad
My brother... the serial killer
The mathematics of the insane
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think
I just finished a job interview.
There’s Something in the Water and it Followed Me in Mountain
Not For Sale: A find of a lifetime
it just feels right.....
Shes really hungry
Trip or Treat
THE CULT
I'm an elevator repairman. Rule #6 is simple - Don't lie about your weight if you want to live.
The Tunnels of Los Alamos
My security camera picked up something horrifying.
I work overnights at a truck stop... things are strange around here pt 1: the truck
The Last Time I Ever Saw My Brother
Most countries are in lock-down and yet some are not.
I learned what happens after we die and it's not what you would expect
Nightsounds
1. the past is a dangerous thing. dwell on it for too long, and it might just come to haunt you in the future.
And there she was.... again!
I died a year ago. I’ve spent what was meant to be the Afterlife trapped in my old house, talking to my granddaughter. She just told me I’m not alone.Are mermaids considered furries?
My friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God (Part 4) Final Part
Buddy, the Dog with Short Legs
.... . .-.. .--. / -- . / .--. .-.. . .- ... .
Audio Prior to Disappearance of Live Stream Uber Driver
The Dream Sequence part 1
Snowmania
Plan E
I keep seeing a black dot in my dreams
Does Anyone Know What I Saw in the Woods Tonight?
My daughter’s playmate said something that shook me to the absolute core.
Individual #01 - The Fallen Angel
The Woman
I work in a haunted firehouse, today we found a crashed plane
The prison I’m in is a front for something far, far worse
the intruder wasn't human
There are demon creatures in my house. #1
The Prison of Blood and Memories.
I Found a Disturbing Note at a Brazilian Macumba Ceremony
The Debt Comes Due
"The Rails"
I'm too scared to go home.
My sister went missing in the mountains 3 years ago. The other day, I received her voicemails. (Part 2, the end)
The Hidden Door
I have to escape, but I don't know if I ever can
Merely Conversation
I Thought I Was Nobody (Part I)
Brittle Bones (True)
What is a brownie or a Ghost? a strange creature was caught in a video surveillance frame in an old apartment on the night of 8 Matra 2020 in Chelyabinsk. it was a house Ghost or Gollum or some unknown creature. a strange creature crawled out under the bed and began to peep write in the comments ifMy first paranormal experience.
Strange sounds from my window
I don’t know what this creature is, or what it wanted from me.
Why Not to be an Asshole in Traffic
Carpe Diem
I was hunted in slab city
A biker keeps passing me, and weird things happen when he does (part 1)
Shut for a reason
The same dream for 2 years and an old black box.
MY DREAMS
It Creeps
Never Underestimate a Fire Drill
I can hear my brother still playing the piano with my great-grandma
My Eternal Hell
My latest case is mysterious
I killed myself and woke up in a strange place.
Devil's Night
Detour
I Thought it was my Dad.
Screaming from the door
night 1
If the power goes out, pray it's due to the weather
I started working for Google. I wish I didn't.
The Cursed Asylum Part 1
Sweet dreamers [Part 1}
A cold Christmas
I think my sister invited the devil into our home (1)
My brother was always my dad's favorite and now I know why
If you are invited to dinner at 55 Tranquillity Drive, Gordonsville, Pennsylvania, do not come.
The giggling granny
Saved by the timer *horror story*
Chronicle of Dreams
I think there's something seriously wrong with Mario
Stay out of abandoned buildings
There are still prisoners at Alcatraz. You just have to know where to look. (FINALE)
There Is Something Hiding In The Woods At Kern River
I’m a trucker, and I just found a channel on the CB radio that I think was meant to stay hidden. (Part 2: On and on and on)
Like father like daughter
Survival of the unfittest - Part 2
RIP pay respects
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After five weeks in the Asylum, I finally know everything
Nothing Is Coming
LEVIATHANS
Fussy sleeper
There's something in the food they're giving us.
It's Coming Soon.
My daughter kept complaining about chants in the basement
Five Years
Miscarriage
Collect the Data
GodSlayer (Part 1)
ever heard of house fairies?
I Am A Scientist At A Secret Facility, What We Made Ended The World.
I was born with no eyes
I am so screwed
Imagery
Apex legends horror story part 1
Don't Play The Hangman Game (Part 1)
My Night Terrors Felt Real.. I Soon Found Out The Truth And Nearly Lost My Life.
I shouldn’t have gone back to the woods
My mom is a psychopath.. heres why
A ghost from my childhood followed me to Thailand. I have no idea what it wants from me.
Flying rocks
Remembering one of the most difficult conversations of my life.
Phoenix
My parents had a strange rule
The Night I Quit Stealing Bicycles
What Have I Become
Fields of Blood - The Curse of Florence Wakefield
Tales From the Cryptozoologist-Introduction
Every morning I wake up missing more pieces of my body
I work for an adventure centre and something is trying to get rid of us (part 3)
Stories of a Late-Night Janitor
The wind outside my window
Aurelia
Exterminating The Evil
I've seen a ghost
My dead internet friend. I miss him so much.
Sean..
I work for the government. That Hawaii missile alert a while ago, wasn’t a drill.
A few weeks ago I met the Tootsbackwheeler
Mr. Moore wanted to stay alive, and it came with a cost
How To Survive Camping - a weak will
Monsters Decimated My Town, I'm All That's Left
"How I Quit Smoking Cigarettes Cold Turkey" {~38,258 words] Written by Nicholas Grant (J.P. Granger)/ Daily installment post 1of 5
It's the nature of the beast
There was something hiding inside the snow
The now mad scientist
Room 202: Double Booked
God is Dead, And It killed them
The Locked Cabinet and the Virus
The Interrogation Room
I am a policeman in a town far from society in Argentina (PART 1)
I work in a search and rescue team. Here's some of my horror storys
My Name Is HannahMe and my sister went to explore an abandoned apartment building and she saw something I didn't
AEROMANCY - PATIENT RECORDS: EM0140021
Breaking the Monotony
Meiko keeps on smiling, but why?
If I can see why can’t you
My family is aging – but I’m not
My best friend almost lost her brother to a psychopathic killer
The little girl in my house
Creaking in the Attic
Dont be curious.
Heard chimes last night at 2 am.
The Lady of the Morgue
My best friend was abducted, and he stood right in front of my eyes. But I failed him.
I Recently Started Working for the United States Census Bereau; And I Think They Want The Dead
A forensic’s diary
lo que salió del sótano no era mi tío
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. Here’s how I was able to make everything change.
Hey,just asking a question for a story I’m coming up with
My friend once went to the new library, I only get her texts now.
Fidget's Bar
I was offered $5,000 to sit in a room for a week. It wasn't worth it.
The Curse grows
they know im here now
Her
I work at a drive thru grocery store, and there is something wrong with my coworker.
How do I get rid of fruit flies?
Why Did You Have To See Me?
Hello. My name is Katie, and I have the ability to see aura's.
God = Happiness
The MannequinThere was something in my doll ?
Why Did She Say It?
Tale From A Gravedigger (Part 2)
OK WTF
The Ugly Boy
The Last Ride of Roy Wilson (Part 2)
Theres a Creature in my house, please help!
I woke up in a field full of people and now I might be going to hell (Part 1)
I keep having this dream.
The laughing girl.
S K I N N E D
A Place Without Screens
The Slayer
Obsessive Love
The Walrus
I’m hiding, from them.
My moronic Scout troop resurrected a batallion of Confederate soldiers. It went as well as you'd expect.
The funeral has passed and the time for laughter has begun... Returning here was a bad idea. (P3)
It will anger him
Where?
There are Worms in my head
You’ve heard of hell, I bartended there for a night. Let me tell you, it wasn’t you think. Part 2
The Loogaroo
There are doppelgangers of my parents trying to kill me (PART 2)
My childhood “friend” Part 1
The most horrifying one ever
The Curse of the Wet Hawk
There's big money in homicide
My friend 𝑨𝒏𝒅𝒚
The previous tenant left a survival guide. Never take the sunlight for granted.
A "harmless" social experiment
I was attacked by Santa
The whole city is in chaos, and i as an officer failed to keep it safe.
I keep finding strings, and I don't know where they come from. Part 2
Stereotypes
What I Got In The Mail PT2 finale
I followed a stranger into the woods.
I downloaded the Commune app, and now I’m leading a new life.
It’s Time
hide and seek?
My brother killed himself a week ago, today I found his suicide note.
If you’re armed and at the Glenmont metro, please shoot me
I don't feel safe at my college campus anymore
I am the greatest closer this city has ever seen
I have to stay at my friends house for a week and we found a set of rules to follow... (Night 2)
runthegauntlet.org
I got an alert on my phone, and there are tall creatures outside. Part 1.
House Problems Keeping Me Awake-Any Advice?
A new Instagram influencer is obsessed with me (Part I of II)
I was a Police Officer Investigating a missing person in the woods and it was the worst case of my career
I just got a call
You won't believe the animals on this list
Whispering Hills (pt 5)
911 Calling
In my Grandfather's House
The last train of the day
Me and Mr. Eyes
If you’re reading this it’s too late.
Have you ever heard of a Wiki Race?
There Are No Aliens In Area 51, But There Is Something Much More Worse
The Six Dragons and the Crimson Ruler
I haven’t seen it again.
Ten Tapes
(My first attempt)
Lost Love.
My Daughter Longed to Be a Disney Princess
I played a few games with my friend today, and now an online account is stalking my friend.
i am SO done with /nosleep. Whiny ass girls have no respect for the art of writing.
I found a satchel hidden in my grandparents attic and the contents have given me chills (part 2)
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here.... (Part 7)
HISTORIAS DE TERROR CORTAS | NARRACIONES DEL CUERVO | EL ÁRBOL DE LA COLINA
What lies in the woods
The White-Out Knight
I did my own autopsy
Last year, I killed an innocent person. The guilt won’t stop, and you could easily be in my shoes next.
My dead mom thinks I'm a loser. She kind of has a point.
You know when you just don’t sleep and then your like ok
Every relationship I'm in ends badly
My Sister won't leave.
I shouldnt have passed up that girl...
It just feels right.....
I heard a woman die on my university's ham radio.
I have a cousin who is really interested in evolution.
I have hallucinations, I can’t tell if the things I’ve been seeing are real or not.
The Missing Link Uncovered, a little more
My first post here of my worst nightmare.
The Wendigo's eye grants wishes. I killed my dad with an axe.
Hat man
I Want You 2
I always wondered what was in the my grandparents basement why did nobody want me there? Why if the world upside down?
There’s something odd about Nina...
Never Race a Lone "Skater" On a Moonlit Highway
The Nine: Part 1
Every night for the past 18 years someone has been sneaking into my bedroom and sleeping next to me.
I followed some mushrooms while hiking, now I'm going to die.
Strange lights inside my apartment..
If you are here because you are afraid of zombies, read this.
The White Worm
I fell in a deep hole and climbed up to another dimension . Part 1
Had a ghost encounter last night, and I wanna meet it again
i live on an island with demonic creatures(pt1)
The alert system said to seek shelter from “them”, but from what? #1
Something My Six Year Old Daughter Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Last Three Nights- End
Just Wanted To Share My Story
Why are you here?
The person in my home
Alexandrina mall
Making a book
Red light outside my window.
Kinda scared now
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back.
201 Caldwell Drive
help me with this case.
The Guest in room 117.
Tsunami Ghosts
Everytime I go to sleep, I wake up in someone else's dream - Sequence 1
Broken boyfriend
I work at an aquarium and something bad is happening
The mayor of my town told everyone to stay home. I disobeyed and saw something terrible.
My name is Raymond, I killed an innocent guy with a knife
Something Scared My Mom Late At Night
Bad Dog (part 3) Final Part
The exit to my apartment decided to disappear.
There's some weird people living with me.
A Man was Stalking me, but For my own Good
The Stars are Beautiful Tonight
Red Gems
Alone , 3 a.m. , dark , no explanation
How I get straight A’s
Victoria (Part 2)
I used to listen to the radio growing up.
Grandville block
My Pet Hope Won't Stay In Her Grave
I’m a dentist for monsters. Sometimes it’s better to say goodbye.
The street performers in Times Square have gotten really impressive
The lights were out in my work stairwell today.
My Life and The "Supernatural"
Trapped On A Hotel Balcony
Help, I can't go out from my bedroom
My Daughter Is A Doll... {Part 2}
A child without eyes waved to me from another car as I was driving. I followed it.
Corrupted Reality: You're not alone outside of your Utopia.
I narrated my story: "Be Thankful if You're One of the Ones Awake"
Diary of a madman.
I’m a prison guard and something has been killing and skinning the prisoners alive
I think curiosity may be the death of me
Hello?
The Penumbra That Consumes
Visions or Whatever I was going through as a teenager / child.
Gobble Gobble
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I didn’t Want To, But My Dads A Murderer
i am a prisoner at a special security prison, i have been recently let out of parole.
I inherited my grandfather house; it has weird rules. (I)
Something's missing.
Night guest
My dream told me what's going to happen when I die...
I met someone holding a broken red umbrella on a rainy night.
The sun is here, But it's still dark outside.
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and I discovered the place where they keep the dead.
No Gabba Gabba
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town a Month Ago. It Never Stopped Raining.
If you ever get a message on Instagram by a user named miccu55,ignore the notification
I don't trust animals anymore...
The Horrible Truth About My School’s Basement
Send ur scary story’s!!!
I am being threatened by gang members?
How to Summon the Matchmaker: A Guide for Desperate Lovers
I Grew Up In A Haunted House, Here's One Of My Encounters.
RATKING
My dreams haunt me
https://www.change.org/mikayla1223
The Observers (Part 2) The dead woman rides for free
The Endless Tunnel; Deaths Cold Grip
The stranger said that I could keep the contents of the box if I could accurately describe them.
This tape cursed my life
Something is happening to the women in my city...
The Thing That Came Trick or Treating
Real Ghost Stories
Someone keeps trying to get into our dorm
Wrote a small horror story just because.
Every year, someone in my family receives a new curse.
He Asked for My Name
Overdone
Das Paralleluniversum
The Amazon Rainforest is on fire, let it burn a little longer
I know this isn't our daughter, but I won't let my wife kill her
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store
I got revenge on my bullies. Now I, and everyone else, will pay the price.
I've started Knowing things...
There's something strange about my neighborsThe Key
I love you, my sweetheart
Tons of people went to investigate the wreck. They all came back acting different.
My Wife Can't Stop Eating Pixy Stix. I Think She's Become a Monster.
This cemetery is home to more than just the dead. I've seen something horrible twice, and it terrifies me.
My wife and I bought a ranch, and my new neighbor gave me some strange advice on how to manage the land
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I now truly believe in destiny. UPDATE
9 Miles To Pierce The Veil
My pets tried to warn me
Hello, My Name is Eddie and The Nice Man Told Me to Write This Diary
We are the people who live in the water.
The Multiverse Transferral Machine.
Someone out there has my pictures
Lucy and the House Party
Fifty years ago, my world was destroyed by a rabbit.
Always praise the forgotten nun.
Manibus Pertusum
You Don't Get It
Almost a last night
Stixenstones
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetary, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.
My body dysphoria has gotten worse
part 1 : of a story i wrote but my friend came up with it
A Midnight DriveDead Weight
The Stikini
Salt Bae allegedly has the Covid-19 virus.
Santa may not be real, but I didn't leave those presents under the tree...
Please help me understand what I saw two nights ago
The Case That Keeps Me Up At Night: The Disappearance of Dennis (Part 2)
My Grandmother told me a prophecy when I was young. Now I'm afraid it will come true
The monster Hunter Vol.1
The genie in the well.
i was kidnapped
The Music is playing, but I feel empty
Devils incarnate
Last night the forests returned, and I don't know where my husband is.
Idk
My New Telescope Came With an Eerie Set of Rules...
The Social Experiment - Part 3
where'd the homeless go?
Midnight Flight
I’m a marine archaeologist and discovered something strange deep in the ocean
REAL LIFE PARANORMAL INVESTIGATION RESEARCH NOTES &amp; EXPLANATION OF THE EXISTENCE OF SUPERNATURAL PHENOMENON &amp; ENTITIES | DEMONS, DJINNS, DEITIES, SPIRITS, GHOSTS, ANGELS, VAMPIRES, ZOMBIES | PROTECTION AGAINST EVIL| EXORCISM | POSSESSION | SPELLS &amp; MUCH MORE
Birthday
My Father’s Warning
Tales of a lonely security guard part 4: He who follows
I always hated elevators
The Cockroach Problem
My hometown has an urban legend. Do not let the figures in the darkness catch you.
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 4)
My grandparent's flat
Ghost Month begins tonight. Follow these rules if you wish to survive.
Im a window and door technician
Serving in the US Army *PART 2*
Will there be maggots in the pot of gold?
If ur bored this is a good read
I think there is something wrong at work
What Is My "Destination" ?
They Might Be Watching: Part I
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (Part 3)
The nightmare me and my friends went through two weeks ago...
Everything is gone.
Someone is Controlling My Dreams and Making Them My Reality
My name is Olivia, please remember me after I die. Whatever you do, don't venture into Uncanny Valley.
Lock your doors and be quiet, you can only hear them in whispers
I Fell In Love With The Creepy Girl
They told me to stay away from Mr Whitman, I wish I'd listened. (Tooth &amp; Nail Part 1)
In my town, you don’t look out of your window at night.
I was given a journal, and now I can't leave this town.
The thing in my room.....
You think this is a game?
Look at the sunset.
Exchange
Doppleganger
My Tragic 17th birth day
Cats always get their revenge
Fighting against the wicked (PART 2)
Waking up buried in Hampstead Heath
My Shitty Luck With Camps
Satan encounter nightmare
If you see an old Chevrolet Corvette in the woods of Oregon, please destroy it.
Blended
Talkeetna
Orange Wolf
I found the hidden door in my house (part 2)
Recurring nightmares. I can't sleep. please help
A Paranormal Experience my wife and I had last week, I was recommended to post it here.
He has captured me and I need help part 2
I need to amuse the painting. By going through a set of "games".
What it's like to lose your mind
There is a man in my room who sings me a lullaby every night. He doesn't want me to wake up.
Every scream it screamed...was mine.
Short Story # 98
Conversation With a Ghost 1
My Thoughts By Erin Donovan
I loved my girlfriend, so i had to do what is best for us.
The creatures at work killed everyone
Scottish Hotel Hell  - My coworker disappeared and I found out she wasn't the first
“I have little time left"
What Happened to Candice Kline?
I found a bone in the park and nothing will ever be the same again
Don't Take A Drug Called Euphorin - Part IV
hello it's Ashley i am so sorry for the confusion
countdown app
I was alone in my house and my living room had a red light
Dreams series (pt.1)
The infected creature in the forest...
It Watches (part 2)
I set up a camera to record my pet lizard... and caught something horrifying instead - UPDATE
The Last Group Chat Message Before My Friends Disappeared.
Please Stop
We invented the technology to revive the dead, it will be available for purchase soon..
My unwanted house mate
This Guy Bought a Haunted Doll Online...
I Design Apps For A Living, I Think I Designed One That's Going To Kill Me
i am,, alien
I really, really should NOT have agreed to try and rescue my dead sister's daughter.
Letters from Death Row inmate 10631 (Part One)
First Sleep Paralysis Ive experienced
I live with my parents and they have a weird list of rules
The Third Floor
Shadows in the Smoke
There is something happening in my land and I don't know what (part 1)
The Light Turned Green but Nobody Came Out
They can't get you here
There's This Old Urban Legend About This Ice Cream Truck In Our Neighborhood...
The Shadow In The Corner Of My Room
I live in a marsh, working as a crabber and guide. Recently, things have gotten... weird Pt 2
I'm starting to become suspicious of my girlfriend. She's been acting strange lately.
Twas the Morning Before Christmas
They told me the TV was haunted (Part 1)
Sometimes when I sleep I witness how people have died.
Goodnight everyone
The Spider and The Brick
The Despair of Hyperthymesia
My Friend Was A Thirty-Year-Old Woman Who Thought She Was A Little Girl.
Time traveler
First Allie, now Charlie. I swear to God these assholes at The  Organization will drive me mad
re removal of my 'I test adult toys' nosleep
The Party in The Cabin in The Woods
Foundation
My name is Jake Adams, and I'm stuck in space.
Hair
CHIP NUMBER 666 TO BE IMPLANTED
My professor just passed away
The void.
We moved into a true house of horrors and it won't let us leave
Im was pushed out into the very cold north canada wilderness by my dad I dont think im gonna make it.
AITA for standing up to my mom?
A letter from my uncle
haha
A song might kill me.
I’ve celebrated Christmas 2019 more times than I can count
I went to work at my Grandparents’ place. They have a strange set of instructions.
A nightmare I cant get out of my head
Something has been sleeping on my bed. It isn't human.
A Creature of Color and Arm
Crystal
I work at a hotel and some of our guests are spirits
Today I delivered a pizza to the other person who lives inside my head.
I, a Noppera-bō, killed my English teacher by mistake.
My friend's drawings are stunning, but his process will land him in prison one day
They Come For The Eyes.
It has been 305 days since the outbreak, and I'm all alone.
If You Encounter an Odd Black Egg in your Garden, Do Not, I Repeat, DO NOT TOUCH IT.
Locked in a abandoned haunted school part 1
My brain hurts pt.1
A Day at the Maul
Did I summon a demon?
The Werewolf Heist - Part One
I Saw Something at Summer Camp I Wasn’t Supposed to See
I found an old book full of modern fairytales. This one's called Kelpie, or Why You Never Trust a Man in the Moonlight.
My bumble BFF.
I'm never going to a hotel again.
There’s Someone Living in my Dollhouse
Update about my mirror clone:
Room 211
My wife NEVER killed our dog (Final Update)
528 Hz is the Miracle Tone. They've separated the negative frequency and called it 'Dread'. I'm the first human to have ever listened to it. ( Part 1 )I woke up to my girlfriend acting very weird
My last texts with my best friend.
Quick true story
Beer cans
SuperMarket Memoirs 19: Christmas At Barnaby’s
The light in Jasper, Ohio
I am a shapeshifter from a different planet. “They” are onto me though.
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think. (Part 2)
new discord server for 4am ppl
My dreams are becoming reality
The Case That Keeps Me Up at Night, Part 8: Missing Pieces
I was part of the Area 51 raid, what found was very disturbing....
My cousins and I plan to visit an old family home that’s supposed to be haunted.
I found a tape I wasn’t supposed to listen to.
Hi scott I’m death part 1 coming soon
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word
Kitty
Buy Negative TripAdvisor Reviews - Buy TripAdvisor Reviews
Dan's Spider
Something in the sea keeps leaving lures to catch me
7 Signs of a Psychopath
Did Anyone Else See These Videos?
A Tale From a Psychopath
The Nightmare Painter
I’m a whistleblower, and it’s time to blow the whistle on the monsters running Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
Fix Me
The Doctor is in
I want to share a story
I Was Born In 1998 But I'm 375 Years Old (Part 1)
Something in the Shadows
The Girl Gone Wrong
Hair.
the problem with my old place
I was already having a bad day
My New House Came With A Set Of Strange Rules... (Part 1)
Why I No longer Enjoy Gardening
I Am Not Crazy
Gramps never mentioned the carnival...
The murder of crows that's ruining my life.
In the history of Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, there have three active police investigations. I suspect there is about to be a fourth.
Survey for a horror podcast: What is a reoccurring nightmare you've had that you still remember clearly to this day?
Not yet.
The portrait on my wall
I'm Done. Final Call for help.
I started working at a mental hospital and it is driving me insane
If you ever get a song stuck in your head, ask yourself where it came from
can someone explain this.
I went to a bible camp and something happened there that I can't forget.
"I married a serial killer, but at least I didn't marry a bass player!"Hawaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Why you don't get into cars with strangers
Today, I caught my mom and dad kissing in the kitchen.
Professor M (Short Film) inspired by r/nosleep writer Griffin Doyle's "Snuff Film 101"
The Devil Down Below
My storage room has 2 handles - one of them led me somewhere else (Part 2, Final)
They bleed my words.
I made an unholy deal to save my wife from cancer, but it didn't go as planned
The creatures of Needlepoint Creek
WHY?? Part 1
I found a pit to an alternate reality in my basement
Part 3. My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
The Sunlight Ghost of September - Last Part
They call it lucid dreaming
I always wanted supernatural beings to exist. Now I really wish they didn't.
10 Years ago I survived an airplane crash. What I saw there scarred me for the rest of my life - Day 4
Don't go to the bottom of the well at Saint Alphonsus Orphanage
I found a lunatic's journal, and now I'm starting to believe what it says.
A man paid us to keep bodies in our home
we were god's failure (pt. 1)
My Third brother is back, and he is MAD
I Should not have taken that doll
The boardgame and the ghost. I guess? Even this thing doesn't have the game's name
I found out why people always thank the kind stranger for its gold
I keep seeing myself die on the news
I Know Their Secret
The secret door
Ang Katipan Kong Aswang (True Tagalog Horror Story)
Nautilus Mark Six
YouTube Channel
The Greedy
The dead person breathing in the backyard
Do you know Steve?
I finally visited my friend during quarantine and I'm a bit disturbed by what I found
Sarah is sleeping
A giant bat flew into my house. The government says I can't remove it.
Anyone who is upset that Jenna and Julian read their stories from here on a video (while giving credit btw) need to get over it. How childish can you be? Has no one ever told you not to post things on the internet that you don't want shared?
Children in my town are going missing.
Demon Vs Alien
I think I drowned in a tragic accident
There’s a man living in my basement
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules appeared that I must follow forever Part 2
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part 2)
These dreams have been bothering me for few nights....
3:00
Ravenfield is truly dead
I broke into an abandoned house, and what I found inside wasn’t human.
Don't buy the lollipops with the purple wrapping from Swen's pops.
Snake ghosts
The old music box of my grandma
I'm a 16 year old who pretty much lives in the basement with the lights off.
We accidentally built a time machine....
Cattai Creek
Something doesn’t feel right.
Tales of a 911 Dispatcher - What's wrong with their faces? #1
Battle of Two Trainers
I think I made a witch mad! HELP!!
I just wish that something scary would happen.
The Part-Timer
Giant toad
I’m pretty sure I’m dying tonight
Someone opens a candy-store that might offer something more...
I started working the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules (part 2)
I hope you see Him
Please proceed.
She isn't what you think p.2
I used to be lonely in my house. Thanks to him, I’m not anymore.
the infinite Ikea.
The Thing they Carried Here Now Haunts our Land- part 1
07/05/2020 5:20 am
I've Done It!
I stayed on a creepy hotel and it have some weird rules part 2 (FINAL)
The same kid knocks on my door every Halloween night. He won't go away.
They kept flickering
I think He is coming back again...
A homeless man offered me a good night's sleep, now I am about to die.
Hiking in New Mexico
rotten II
My Father Was Arrested This Morning
If anyone knows what’s happening, you have to say something. I’m so scared and alone.
Tales From A Lonely Motel: The Virus at the Motel - Part 2
The monster under my bed
Funhouse Experiment The End
A Perspective from God
The House of Those Not Yet Dead (1)
While walking through the marshlands, I saw something, that froze me.
And they gave me up to all the wrongs of being one of those smiling children.
Hobos keep showing up at my workplace and asking for one of the supervisors here. Now I know why
My name is Paul and I drive trucks for a living. Part 1.
Monsters don't only come out at night... and they're things we see everyday.
Dr. Harper Books
What’s tapping on my window?
The Poet
What a dream.
133 Evergreen Terrace.
Your Garmin watch hasn't connected since yesterday morning. You don't want to know why.
Calls from Craig
I thought it was just my imagination, I was wrong..
It's tough to own a bar
Santa Claus Is Coming To Town
I Just Wished For New Parents. I Really Wish I Hadn't.
I Always Wanted To Be A Director
We all Hide when the Sirens Ring
What do you see, boy?
Radio Weird - The Boom
Martin is Missing (Part Final)
Your mom took off her clothes...
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke (Part 3)
I Think Someone Is Under My Bed
A Story From The Woods: "Click-click-click"
I heard strange noises outside and inside, now I’m playing some sick game. (Part 2)
I should have kicked this guy from D&amp;D a long time ago.
The unveiling
I'm a Body-hopper, My Current Host Doesn't Meet My Standards
I Wish I Never Visited Grandma's Grave
I just moved to a small town in Alaska. It’s been getting hotter and hotter by the day.
Nevaehculley
Lost Entry (2)
Rools 4 the hose
Sometimes at 2:30-3 AM I feel a physical force pulling at me.
The Mirror Woman
What death is really like
creepy story : My nightmare is starting to spill
I’m possessed by all the knowledge in the world. It’s really scary.
One moment can change your life forever
Out of Quarantine
UFOs are already here
Leviathan (part one)
If You See a Woman Walking in Pajamas on a Snowy Night, Turn a Different Direction
The Poofy Jacket
If These Walls Could Talk, They Would Whisper
pocket exploration
After my dad's passing, I took a part-time job at the call center near home to take my mind off death. Little did I know, it waits for me at work.
I repeatedly see my dead girlfriend in dreams
My shiftmate isnt human
KSSI VS LOGPAUL
It's in the shed
My children were missing for 10 years and they finally came back.
I live in a marsh, working as a crabber and a guide. Recently, things have gotten... weird pt 3
I followed my cat into an abandoned house and I wish I hadn't
Not a creepypasta, even though I wish it was. This is something actually happening to me and I don't know what to do.
I applied for a job as a security guard at an airport. I found this list of rules... (Part 1)
Self Defense
Something is in the woods outside my house
Tom Holland
Coincidences In Many
I used to love to listen to those "4 Hours of Ambient Rain Sounds" to relax and clear my mind. I don't find them so relaxing anymore...
I was walking in the woods when i saw her
So, I Think That a Demon is Haunting Me
It’s Time for Dinner
I Was Offered 100.000 Euros to Beta-Test a New Piece of Virtual Reality Technology - Final Part
Ghost story ...
Watch the Girl
The Spooks (Part 5)
The Old Man and the Succubus, Part 1
I Found My Missing Half-Brother's Diary
I think I'm stranded with Mad Old Mister Holland (part 7)
Willow
Nightmare FUEL
Kids in the Dark
My school has a dark past and its creeping back into light. (2)
Night terror into reality
I've been sober for nearly five years, but I fell off the wagon.
Orange groves ( this is real though just posted it heard cause r/off my chest wasn’t letting me idk why)
Keep Running
I cant leave my car
Fright Fest Scariest Story Contest Winner!
Lunch of Shadows
I found this notebook in the bus and decided to share it with you
Struggling with my friend's suicide... And it's gotten even weirder
Don't Watch Tape Number 5
Teddy bear night
The Susher
scared for my life
So clumsy... ！
The yellow mist: part 1
Return to the Brick House (Part 2 of 3)
I went aboard a ship that had been destroyed years ago
The Elf On The Shelf
The canticle of the madness
When the lights go out in a pub NEVER go down into it, you will regret it as I do.
I'm terrified of the NoSleep mods
He Who Wanders
I Have To Die
The Clapping Man cometh
I'm getting no sleep because of a tapping. It just keeps getting louder and louder
I’m stuck behind a nuclear convoy; but I’m not sure they’re transporting a warhead.
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 1)
Abomination of the Woods
My Daughter’s Hand is Stuck inside a Wall
Family Secrets
I swear Genies were once a real thing!
The Moreaus
Pills from the Drugstore
The Woods
Vice Essentials is a Cult.
The bride wore red
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 5)
My friend and his family are cannibals.
They used to call me the Cum Beast before the incident...
I am a sex worker. This is the story of the Wormpocalypse.
In fifteen minutes, I’ll be unconscious again.
I spent three years in a war ridden hellhole. I was ecstatic when it was finally time to leave. Now I’d do anything to go back.
The White Bear - Part 1
The Baby
Never look for a roommate on Craigslist
Tales From A Lonely Motel: The Virus at the Motel - Part 1
The Wriggling (Part one)
Something Strange is Happening in my New House
I've been to Hell and back
Perfect
Conditions of entry
Infected City
Kelpie
The Firefly Grove
Em ot emoc
Wer ist er?
Don't You Hate When You Have Too Many Eyes?
Hi reddit it’s me the superstar Danika! (You’re gonna love me!)
The City After Midnight
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 5 - Final)
That Thing in the Coffin Was My Sister...Right?The Salesman
Every night I dreamt of a man with a sack over his head. Last night was different.
I Survived Hell on Earth (Part 4: Finale)
For the new security guard at All Saint's General.
I work at a Pawn-shop in an English village, and everything is fine. (Part 2)
I went to an isolated community and found out what God really looks likeNo One Told the Monsters Halloween Isn't Happening.
Room 530: Is This a Love Story?
this discord server is very good ok just join
If You're Reading This, Don't Let Me Wake Up
Ghost Dog
Something horrible is going on in the building across the street.
1501

My Daughter Leaves Candy Outside Her Window
I did something bad I know I should regret it but I don't.
I miss my husband (part 1)
12 Years Ago My Brother Died, And It Wasn't Animals That Got Him
My dead mother talks to me, She wants me to come to her...
I discovered the possible perpetrator of a massacre 44 years ago, and now I think he's onto me.
My little brother (Part 2)
A sketchy chat app has been rapidly rising in popularity, and I found out why. (Ch. 1: Installation)
The Husk of Insanity
Paranormal Activity in my House
Happy Halloween! Event and Contest Details!
There's a lady staring in my window
Rules Of Being A Deep-Sea Explorer: Rule #1: Don't Venture Too Close To The Shipwrecks
My Own Personal Hell (Part 1)
The Girl With No Irises: Part 1
parsich ifomation
Nolensville, Tennessee
the man that came after my mother
It's all a Joke to Her
My Reoccurring Clown Nightmare.
I was only a childA shadow guy... but he means no harm.
Follower
Something took my Daughter's stuffed animal in the Garland Woods.
She Won’t Pickup Her Phone
The powers of time and space isn’t fun to have./My Alternate Fate
A Broken Shield.
I had a bad headache.... now EVERYTHING is flipped
The Lady of My Dreams
It's in the fog part 2
A Bit O'ddity
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 6
My Child Shares His Body with a Demon – And It’s My Fault
The Dark, Bitter Gall (Chapter 1)
My killer thoughts driven me crazy so much, it made me do sadistic things unintentionally. And i regretted it..
I’ve Been Locked in Here for 6 Hours
I live in an Asylum, and I don't have a girlfriend.
One of my stories of the death of my soul
I am done with girl's.
My Neighbor Is A Cannibal
Something stopped me from killing myself.
Hotel Harry have you been there?
Salvation
I had no other choice but to follow the Tiny Flashing Lights.
My First Exorcism went.. Not so well.
Saltwater
The beginning of the end - Part 1
Beware the Box
I think I just figured out something about cats.
Qid Pro Quarantine
Suspect that my phone is tapped
eveybody hears, nobody listens. i should have.
The Puppet Circus
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 2)
I've been dead for three days, I think I may be a poltergeist
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer (Hacking into the Desktop)
Scary Drive
A Farewell to Thee
I bought an nosleep story and it ruined my life.
1985. Come back to us.
The Knock
Some secrets are best left undiscovered.
Sleep hypnosis
End of the worldMy sister's a....witch i guess?
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 5)
A Warning: If you feel like something is wrong, LEAVE! My story
What Saved Me Wasn't Human.
Nebraska Ghost Town
Refrenorrowk Says We Become Angels and Demons When We Die
When air suffocates
Today I die
What happened when the snow came early.
My girlfriend and I are losing our minds
the real reson
Need stories for creepypasta channel on youtube
My parents took me back to their country for human sacrifice. Part 2
The end Created by GregHeffley905 and Ceeyo21
My uncle finally told me why he sleeps with his bedroom light on
I fell asleep in the middle of a flight. When I woke up the plane was empty
Super. Hot. (part 2)
It hunts the woods at night
Feliz San Patricio 🍀Mucha suerte🍀
My worst anxious habit may get the best of me...
My Friends and I Went to a Graveyard. We're Never Going Back.
Here’s Some Advice: Don’t Dig your Own Grave (pt 2)
The north korean
Insanity
my freakiest night ever.... :(
g
Coterie and Circle: The Serene Witches
I can’t wait to leave this hotel room
Did You Stop and Count the Children?
It comes at 12:05
The Cambridge Catacombs
There’s something in the woods near my house (Update)
I got a Deep Web Job, today I became the best worker
Do you remember
Everyone is saying it was a shooter, but my friend and I know the truth (update 1)
I just had a nightmare
The Monster Whisperer. Part 3
I survived a horrible social experiment. The participants of this round are ruthless
Halloween isn’t fun anymore.
Demons (Part 1)
I Buy Trackmaster Lady At Ebay, But Then Strange Thing Happening
No Sleep For Me
Does anyone know if this is real or fake?
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars.
The Woods Of Somerset, KY
Juliana went Missing Last Year (part one)
Nightmares don’t bother me.
Things we remember Pt.1
I Met With Samuel For Dinner Last Night...
I Worked in a Government Pathogen Research Facility, We Released Something Horrifying
Point Nemo - Part 2
The end of death
Is anyone else experiencing this weird iPhone glitch?
How do I get rid of my mother who isn't my mother? URGENT!
Does anyone know my wife?
H2O Can Be Deadly For You
My Sonic.EXE Story
I'm moving soon
The Price of Revenge
This Guy Had One of the More Unusual Penises I've Seen
TIFU not being nicer to my sister
I'm stuck on an endless train track!
I NEED CAMPING OR DEEP WEB CREAPY STORIES
Dad, Go to hell And Dont come back
The Night Santa Came
Red Cold River
I’m on a different planet, my colleagues are dead and I’m next
Tick
I woke up to a scary yet familiar face
I may be a poltergeist.
I made a animation to this
A petrifying parsley worm
THE TAPESTRY
Recommend top 10 stories ?
Down the rabbit hole
My date took me to a coffee shop, now I am in the forest with a smartphone.
I used to not be afraid of heights. That all changed last week.
Prison stabbing
Murder Simulator VR
Feeding fish becomes feeding nightmaresBecause of him...
Wounds of a corpse
The monster in my parents room
Legend of The Two Pale Girls
The Game
From The Field: Something In The Woods
I work as an doctor in Korean asylum, there is a patient that are feared by us.
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 10: The God of TV
Worms...
Why you should always pay attention to your surroundings
Black Holes
Quarantine
My daughter was kidnapped yesterday and hasn’t returned. I’m posting this in hopes of contacting her abductors.
the circle: Doc
Time will tell and it might be too late.
I had to Lose my Head to Find Control - Final
I am the cucumber man
Closed for more.
Today delivered pizza to the other person who lives inside my head.
My mom’s horrifying nightmares
The Girl Who Ate Daikon
The Victorian or the Valerian?
Pass the threshold of violence
mummys other friends
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 4)
There's A New Drug In Town
Trading with Death
The Jack-o’-Lantern (A Halloween Story)
I never thought the term ‘copycat’ was literal
Dont knock on random doors
‘Room temperature revolt’
25 years ago, a one-eyed cowboy with a dick like an elephant trunk paid a horrifying visit to our town. Now that son of a bitch is due back with a bullet meant for me. (Part 1)
I need advice; There is a door in the bathroom.
My grandfather has been receiving constant calls from telemarketers, at least that’s what I thought. (Part 2)
I found a door at the bottom of the ocean.
Have you ever seen an yandere?
My cat has to be demonic right?
Looking for a story I cant remember the name of
Ended right where it started
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart
Today was my first day of my job, I regret working there
Failed Exorcism is Not a Valid Medical Diagnosis
My Grandfather Told Me A Horrific Secret Then He Died
The Oak Tree
BigFoot Real Or Imagined?
I killed a coyote--but it wouldn't die. It wouldn't leave, either.
We call him n.f (no face)
It's in the closet
Creepy house
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Shumao Fashion Sandals for Women, 2019 Women Belt Buckle High Heel Fish Mouth Sandals Casual Wedges Shoes
100%
I don’t know how you’ll receive this message, but you need to wake up.
Wen Nightmares Break
My Daughter's Last Phone Call
Dinner Date With a Serial Killer
I Received A Mystery VR Game for my Birthday PART 1
The Astaroth Case Files: First Person Shooter
All the Kids Skate
The Virtuoso.
Joking Jester Story 1: The Theme Park
After a secret organisation that shall not be named suffered through an incident , 250 dead , and didn't try to hunt down the monster , I created my own organisation with 150 others and hunted it down
depression as a haunting
I once unintentionally lived in 3 haunted houses | part 1/?
Mahjong
My Employer Reeks
My Airplane Didn't Move | part 2
Everything feels like its happening all over again.
There was a freight ship that sank in the pacific. It wasn’t because of Pirates
I think my puppet is playing with me. PART 2
Best Series of 2019 Winners!
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My HometownThe God Farm (Part 3)
Reflections
A story my mother told me yesterday
The Bolwin Chronicles : Horror in the Himalayas
My Dearest Aelowyn,
Minami-Iwo Island That Year... (Part 3)
The Amazon Incident
Case File No. 002
9/11 was a Cover Up for a Failed Government Experiment
Our First Date
They were never mining for coal...
The Hospital on the Hill
I should've listen to mom more.
Dream Locations, Arizona Reapers, and Service Road Burial Grounds (and why if I go exploring, I bring more than two people now) (Actual True Story)
Paranormal investigations- Part 1
I found some casette tapes while burying my dog
Under The Bed
The Statue
Don't Go Off Trail While Backpacking (Part 3, Final)
Something bad will happen this October (Part 1)
The Scariest YouTube Countdown
I was trying to sleep and I felt observed
The Swamp
Why won’t anyone give me attention
You don't exist
My Routine
I tried running from my trauma.
I was sent to build homes in Ohio and it was almost the death of me. Part one - Another Brick in the Wall
SeriesI started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  Chapter 2.
IMPORTANTDOCS
My sister Katy doesn't talk. Today, she killed a man.
When I was thirteen, my country had a nationwide quarantine. Here's why you shouldn't go out during this one.
Stephanie soo, Riverdale
My First Experience Camping
The Leveret
I had a nightmare that I’m pretty sure is coming true
I work full time at a hotel, weird things happen here... (Part 2)
The Man Behind My House
I got an emergency disaster warning at school (Part 1)
Always check your back seat
What Happened at Diablo Lake?
After my mom died, I started hearing voices
Better to be safe than sorry
The train I was on has reached the end of the line. (Final)
I Downloaded a Test Build
Welcome To The Cabin
Murder in Moon Hollow (final)
MY SKIN TRANSPLANT DONOR DOES NOT EXIST
My neighborhood has turned into a pumpkin patch
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to be ordained again. There’s no going back now.
We bought a beautiful old house and were told it was haunted but we didn't believe that was true.
I moved into a house... I think it's haunted... (based on a true event)Sentenced to Life
The communication ritual
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - I got drunk and yelled at a Banshee
not boring
I feel alive again (Part 1)
I asked my dying mom about death. Her answer still haunts me to this day.
The Man In The Shadows
My friend has been awake for 22 hours. This is what will happen if he falls asleep before sunrise.
My mother made a deal with the devil now I'm suffering the consequences
Your Friendly Neighborhood Chris
Has This Happened To Anyone Else on DMT?
The one I left behind
The day the World fell to Darkness
A ghostly figure roaming around my house at around 1 - 2 am.
The Forest of Spirits (part one)
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – As Above, So Below: My Swan Song (Part 10)
WAR IS HELL. And no one knows that fact better than hell's denizens.
My 1.5 hour drive has become a day or two. (UPDATE)
warioooooo
My morning shave was a huge mistake...Goodbye, Arcade Boy
I go places when I sleep
My Name is Chris, And the Walls have Veins.
Dark Sun Rising
The Abandoned Building P.1 The Night Crawler
I went to a catholic boarding school. The inquisition is alive and well
The Countdown
If MTV was on netflix
A reoccurring nightmare
Joan lived a simple life.
Catatumbo
The Ant
TAZER BRIGADE
A Pretty Girl's Birthday Surprise
My little black angel friend
I banged a succubus, befriended a Republican minotaur, and met Chairman Mao, who was possessing the body of a small fat child.
I Want You To Follow Me, But Please Ignore What's Around You
You See the Mark. Part Four.
Journal Of A Schizophrenic
Mountain Lions?
Mama Always Loved Animals
It spoke with his voice
I Used to Pet Sit for a Russian Oligarch. This is Why I Stopped.
10 Years ago I survived an airplane crash. What I saw there scarred me for the rest of my life - Day 3
I need a little help
Au milieu
The Watcher Upstairs
The incident late at night
The first and last time I played with a ouija board
I’ve started to become a monster
I fell asleep but woke up in Sydney, Australia and we were given some directions to follow. I live in the United States...
My Roommate is A Haunted Doll (Part 7)
The Abyss REALLY likes to stare back, and if you’ve stared before, you have to read this.
DAY 2190
Strange Days In Greycott (Part 1)
Pawpaw's Stories
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish
I was told to find it..
I'm a Forester, and I encountered something I can't explain in an Old Growth Forest. (PART 2)
I went to investigate supernatural phenomena in rural Tennessee and what I found was far beyond even my most hideous nightmares...
The Lady in the Hall
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back.
My imaginary friend
I hunt my kind this is what started it.
I keep finding strings, and I don't know where they are coming from.
have you heard pf the mirror effect?
My Family’s Hot Dogs with Pot business
Play Palace Part 1I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 2
I'm still not sure what happened back then...
SuperMarket Memoirs 1: Clean Up In Aisle 12
I visited my best friend for his wedding and learned about the local mannerisms the hard way
Tale of the bunnyman part one..
That time I went camping
Thirteen tangerines
The day I snapped.
There are weird sounds coming from our newly reconstructed bathroom and my room, and I think they're getting closer.
I work for a psychologist who specialises in killing imaginary friends. Sometimes our most terrifying ideas come when we least expect it.
I figured out why my roommate is so loud.
I barely dodged a bullet with the Covid vaccine trial
The Boy In The Black Hoodie
When the lights dim
Amelia
The Women in My Family Can Never Marry
Every Night I Have To Find A Way To Kill Myself Or Someone Will Die.
A Nightmare I’ll Never Forget
The Hotel I'm Staying in has Provided a Specific List of Rules (Part 3-Final)
(Part 7) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. There is a lady in the woods. Who is the Lady in White?
My roommates think someone or something is in our house
My wife went missing last year and this goes on forever.
A Murder of Crows
The Scarecrow won't stop Staring at me
Family guy Brian on mushrooms (1k subsribers special)
My Town Had a Set of Rules To Follow on Saturday's
Why I hunt monsters : Reason 4 "I don't like disappearing"
Interview transcript about what happened while driving a dead man back from Vilnius
A Visit to Grandma's House
Drowned in front of my home
Clockworks and Milk Lines
They Wait in the Mountains.
The night my baby was born
I think my sleep paralysis is trying to tell me something
Pirates of the Ocean of Dreams
I was a good kid.
Hot as Hell
I Made One Rule in The Haunted Casino and Someone Broke It
epson pm245 pm235 a printer error has occurred see your printer document...
I killed my problematic mother
My relationship is made of three parts: me, my boyfriend, and his demon.
Give up magic and a life to travel to another world.
Not a spooky story I just need help posting mine I’m getting really annoyed!
A cold night.....
The brightest blue eyes.
An app ruined my life
The Dreams
~~THE WRITING ON THE WALL~~
I am responsible for something worse than death happening to over a hundred children.
The creepy chronicles of the Rez no.1
Infected, The beginning of the End.
Clean and Classy
Becoming Stevie Ray
I think my school is haunted.
The fire at Triangle Shirtwaist Company will leave scars
At night, a man sells bones in our village.
Earth Lite
I didn’t sleep very well last night
I need help with these recent dreams I am having - Dream 1
Read This If Involved With S.C.P
The ending...
Argument with my mom could have been the reason I'm still alive.
I don't understand calculus. Also I killed a guy.
There is something at my window
Dorm #392 strikes again
1982 IRA bombings story
Unwanted Spirit Guide
Awakening (part 2)
flight recorder, part 1 (a blog excerpt)
NO KARMAS, NO REBIRTH, NO SUFFERING!
Strange things happen in the middle of nowhere...
I felt different after the car accident.
I can't get out of this TED talk (part 1)
Asking for help
The Strange Tales of the Nine Dragons River
Lol you get debjated
The haunting
The Pit
Jezebel
I'm not where i'm supposed to be.
David is dead.
He Still Watches Me Sleep Every Night.
Yellow worms
Hair and dirt (part 1)
A travelers eyes opened.a purpose found
Never Get Between a Man and His Dog
My wives don't get along
I’m renovating an 18th century house with my boyfriend during lockdown. We sleep with the lights on now.
I Hate My 4th Of July Memories
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. But some secrets cannot remain buried.
I got a packet of strange seeds in the mail
As a child, my brother found a strange house in the woods. It was there that I saw something I will never forget.
How my little brother became a shadow (Part 2)
I WILL NEVER WORK WITH MY FRIEND AGAIN (PART 2)
I don't travel by train anymore. That's why
Confessions from a Transhumanist
WE NEED HELP A.S.A.P
You come home as you would everyday
Who Knew Demons Could Be Party Animals?
I am George Bruce. I am George Bruce.
Image from my short horror movie.
"Thou Shall Wither, Fool" - Part (1/?)
I’m in a beauty pageant, but something feels really off... (day 1)
April 2094 Evening Broadcast Logs
Most Horrifying Hallucination Ypu Ever Had
I’ve worked At a “special” hospital for twenty years ( part 1 )I Still Remember You On The 9th Anniversary
Monster
I still see your shadows in my room
A different place in the world part 2
We did not come from earth
There's nine ladies dancing in the hall of Angel Hills
Every day, I change bodies. But I think I just found my original one.
Something explainable has been stalking the hiking trails near my house.
"Ladies and Gentlemen of the jury"
True Scary experiences at my school
I know people that eat grape jelly in their Chili con Carne
Little road.
Hi, I am planning on starting a new channel and I would want to ask if I could put some of the creepy stories from here on YouTube videos.
Ongoing Stalker Problems
The little kid in my closet
My father was afraid of the Ocean. Now I know why
A tale for a tale
What if lightning grabbed things?
There's something strange in the fog
I am a soldier at the site Omega military base. The rules for my job are both weird and terrifying
Last Night I had, the strangest dream...
I found some little girls diary in my new house
What Happened to Chris McDonald?
My Music Box
A collection of shorts
I Digitally-Cloned Myself, And Tortured Him
A sense of hell
Family means no one gets left behind
Not So Fun Fair
I'm trapped in the south tunnel, but at least I'm not alone.
What Lurks in the Dark
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 7)
Can't sleep
Invisible Ghost
His name
Operation Red Cap
My diary is a day ahead of me
Hours of Gray
DO NOT LOOK OUTSIDE between the hours of 10pm - 1am (in effect starting 4/8)
The Day the Sun Exploded
My Cupid, the Soul-Stealing Monster (Part 3)
Burn, Baby, Burn
Dear Reddit, I need help making sense of my sleep paralysis
Phone...Wallet...Keys
So they made an army of telepathes.
Found a subreddit about me
Twenty years ago, the moon spoke to me in a dream
Warehouses in Brasil - Condo? Galpões no Brasil em Condomínio com segurança 24 h, Pé Direito 12 m, docas, Melhores Opções, Melhor Custo x Benenefício,
I smoke meth. I rail chicks. I drink blood.
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Three)
Eternal
If You Somehow Found This Book, Lock It Away. Do Not Read On...
The smiley faced man keeps getting closer.
I am done with girls
The Sky
I'm not crazy!
My parents are gone for the weekend, leaving my brother and I alone. Someone is trying to break into out home (True Story)
Don't look back
Dad just sat and cried. He cried for three whole days. His face was blotchy and his eyes were red. Then one day he just stopped...
Buddys shop of all out horrors!!!
Revenant
Nadir
Siren Head is real
I Used To Be An Air Force Pilot.
CoolCoolCoolCool
I am the framer of cursed images. (Chapter 1)
/r/relationships - (NSFW) I have a kink that my husband loves to satisfy but I don't think I like it anymore.
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think. (Part 5)
My Wife Cheated On Me, So I Hooked Up With a Succubus
The Disco Dragon
I KEEP HEARING A BUNCH OF POUNDING ALL OVER MY HOUSE
The Blank-zone store
The Green Guardian
The Cultist
mónos
The Curious Case Of My Husband's Missing Buttons
Below
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed in my Home Town. UPDATE
I thought grave digging would be easy
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 5
In 2012 I Met a Possessed Couch
Ignorance makes the heart grow fonder.
Does anyone have the link to the story where a dude got paid money to undergo a experiment and he was put into a bunch of needles and put into a coma and is conscious the entire time?
The boy with stripes on his face
There is no heaven only hell
eeee spooky
I was attacked by something invisible... now I think I am invisible too. It Gets Weirder (Part 3)
I'm a...different...kind of police officer. Today, there is no escape from fate. Final
Dr. Marilyn Monroe Queen of the Jewish people - Government meeting No 1
I was in a special forces team for 9 years, i retired a week ago.
It started with a strange CDMy grandmother's haunting
My Grandfather never spoke about his time at war...I wish it had have stayed that way.
I drink every night to keep the nightmares away.
Tales From The Kitchen "Old Bill"
My name is Sam. My hand got eaten by a Sentient Pile of Bugs. The rest of me isn't far behind. Pt. 3
Walking in the park.
I jumped forward in time and saw The End of The World.
My name is Michael Kroenos, and I work at a Casey's located in the first circle of hell.
I dream in ashes.
I See A Boy Whenever Somebody Dies- The Third and Final Encounters
I spent 12 days in the world's quietest room, now I wish I was deaf.
T@s1n8
Your revenge is served cold but mine with be the death of you
If you’re reading thisWAKE UP&amp;/, you’ve been in coma for WAKE UP almost 20 years now. We’re trying a new technique. We WAKE UP don’t know where this message will end up in your dream WAkE_$^UP, but we hope it works. Please WAKE UP wake up, we miss you.
The black thing in the center of my eye
I’d never picked up a hitchhiker before. After last night, I never will again.
Fighting against the wicked (PART 1)
PLEASE HELP ME FIND THIS STORY
True Sonic Drive-In Horror Story
At first I thought my patient suffered from schizophrenia, now I wonder if what he said is true...
The man in the woods is trying to kill me.
A colleague of mine sent me a letter shortly before going missing... the contents are quite disturbing. Part 1: Sojourn
No one has died for the past 5 years
The Curse of Dark Mountain (Part 3)
A beetle crawled out of my penis while I was masturbating.
I'm still stuck in a jungle, another one of my friends is dead, and a new friend(?) of mine just revealed a secret I'd rather not know.
I got out!! But what now...
CONTACT
At the foot of my bed
All I wanted was to make my son happy on Christmas.
Don't stay in the dark.
What Lies Above
MT Tools
"Spider Roulette," the Rubber Ducky Bed and Lego-Land Underground
I Bury the Living.... Confessions of a Gravedigger.
I’m on night duty. In South Korea.
Something is wrong with my boyfriend, I'm not sure what to do.
Salted Kidneys
Something horrible happened to me in the woods. I would like to share it with you guys.
I live in hell
Anyone remember?
the truth about the last city of atlantis pt1
The thing in the woods (actual experience)
I stayed with friends in an apartment complex, the rules are kinda weird
The Friendly Feast
Life is a series of slides
LET ME GO LET ME
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Anson's Encounter With Sammy Scissors
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 7)
The Man in the shadows
I live in a country that doesn't exist. It's called Australia.
42 Morley Gardens: Anecdotes of Supernatural Calamity (PART 2)
The honorable Gustav Badin and the unchristian troll - by Staffan Marklund and Henry R. Enos.
Even as an adult, I still have nightmares about E.T.
I lost a bet to my friends
I work in the News and live at the station, there are some stories we aren’t allowed to talk about.
He's a monster (Part 2)
What Happened to Rooky Dhunlop? Apotheosis of Dead Time... Tape-1
The morbid little details
Guacamole nigga penis
Kilter's Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly
Haunting dream
The Sun is gone and there's creatures outside.
I moved into an old farmhouse and something is serious wrong (update 1)
Just, air raid
I'm not here to be questioned, I simply can't keep a secret.
The Face in the Window
My patient who saw hell
The red eyes out the window
The Office is Dead on Saturdays
I've been working in digital forensics for three years, and this has got to be the strangest case I've encountered so far.
Marlon keeps calling and villagers attack on sight
Beautiful inside
I buy deserted storages in war torn countries, what I found in storage 7-21 made me quit the business. PART ONE (1)
The Incident At My Local Tavern Left A Mark For Sure (Pt. 2)
We'll be home soon, honey
I took an elevator in a college. It took me somewhere that didn't exist.
Don't Stop For Gas Late At Night
My childhood best friend was part of a horrifying experiment, and it changed his life as well as mine. (Part Two)
I tried shifting realties and got stuck in the middle.
Instructions For Devil's Hide and Seek
Whatever You Do... Don't Read This Story.
My New Organs Might Be Unknown Origins part two
Psychopaths, Unlimited
Always be sure
The silent Train in winter.
The thing in the woods.
I received a weird package in the mail
Demon bones don't go in the Dishwasher
The Mysterious life of a cryptid hunter part 3
There are strangers in my house pretending to be my parents (Part 3)
Virus research is best conducted alone - especially when you're in outer space.
Part 2 - The Light Returns
What is the meaning of three knock on a door?
8 Plates.
the interview
Im a night owl and I saw creatures that no being has seen but only told through rumors
My experience staying overnight at ShowBiz Pizza
My subconscious is taking over, PLEASE HELP
Siren head isn’t just a drawing
The Forest In My Backyard
The girl with the name tattoo
the untold story of DEVIL'S BIBLE
Nightlight
The Heist from Hell
I don't believe in ghosts but this experience was creepy.
A Customer Sneezed In My Face. Now My Life Is Ruined 1/2
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I’m the top suspect to the mystery I am trying to solve (Part 4)
the newspapers.
I Think I Drove into Another Dimension and Found Something Horrifying...
All I have left to say
I only wanted a big tiddy goth girlfriend, not a living nightmare.
HELL ON EARTH
Sleep Well: Sounds to sleep, meditate and relax
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 10)
Exotic Animals #1: A Cat with Dreams (part 1)
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, and we are actually going to enter that freaky cabin.
I work on an oil-rig in the North Sea. ...The 'Entity' in the deep is angry, and awake.
The world was dust
If a creature comes down your chimney this Christmas, you may not live to see the morning.
I'm going to kill you.
grandfather 3:00
Every Week, A Different Person Tries To Kill Me
(Part 2) I inherited a Ouija board from my grandfather that supposedly grants wishes. I'm down to my last one.
The Pursuers in the Moonlight (part 1)
The Darkness.
Always count the stairs
The red sky
I encountered a lot of entitled parents, years ago I met the worst
There's an Abandoned Library at the Edge of My Town. I'm Convinced It's Cursed
The sign man.
I fell asleep in class, when I awoke the town was deserted.
Not all deserts are just sand...
My Uncle Saw A Shadow Man and No One Believed Him
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Four)
Pavement
Undulating
It started when i was young
Has Anyone Ever Heard of "The Coconut Grove" Nightclub?
a big guy
My first Night Terror (I'm 19 male)
Horn of the Older
My grandfather's palaeontology notes: RCMP email updateThere's something terrible hidden in my wife's closet.
The Night the First Church of Prodigy Burned Down
My Friends were Abducted
The mysterious disappearances on board The Pretty Milla and El Tubercúlo
He doesn't Exist
We discovered immortality, but something went wrong (part 2)
Moving out wasn't suppose to go like this.
I’ve been having strange premonitions lately, some of them are coming true.
Ashes to Ashes
The Trees are Watching Me
The Wendigo Turned Me Invisible
The endless tunnel. (Part 1/3; Death’s cold grip)
“I’m not putting up with his crap anymore! I’m done!” Beth yelled to the open sky as she stomped along the jeep trail.
I found my dad's secret tape collection
I was kidnapped as a child and it may be the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 5) THE END
My school cafeteria is serving a new drink, Dark chocolate milk. Part 2
I have broken out of my containment cell and I am being chased
She won't stop pinching me
My upstairs friend
I thought he was the one - Part 3
Everybody in the world gets told someday how much longer they have to live. I get one day.
I Found a Diary in the Woods Part 1
The Salem Witches
The Sleeping Wanderer visits meThe Sleeping Wanderer visits me.
I keep hearing a piano playing at 3AM and I don’t know why
I don't even remember
The Real Horror
I did a thing i never did in my entire life please read
In Remembrance: The Rat Journals. (2)
There’s Someone In That Hole In The Ground
The Van (#1)
Silence in the Chaos
when I was a child I was haunted by a shadow person
Series: I talked to my daughter about the Christmas carol. It got weird. Then weirder.
Room 420: Three Ships
The Alnwick Tapes
Weird flashing light (repost because the bot)
Hi, my name is Gus, I am 17 years old and have had PTSD for 12 of those years (NSFW).
When A Demon Rants.
My dreams tell me how ill die
A gift of knowledge
Feed me
Sprig
Nothing Is Worse Than Death
I thought I was plagued by the same reoccurring dream all of my life. I wish I was right...
I’ve been faking being a spiritual medium for years, but now I can see beyond the veil - AND I FUCKING HATE IT
They are among us
Human Zoo
Staircase in wilderness: Australia
God can't help me, only YOU can.
I Used to be a Reality Hacker
Today is my birthday, I was born exactly 16 years ago, 16 miserable years and this year I was fated to die
I'm a cannibal, but I save lives.
Weird
GRINDR scary story...
Last Week I Died
Rodney liked to paint
A Night At La Congeladora
They told me to stay away from Mr Whitman, I wish I'd listened. (Part 1)
THE HAND MAN...
There’s blood coming from that van
My Friends are not my friends
I'm an elevator repairman. Here's rule #1 - Never ride the escalator
Seen
He came out of the armoire unconscious and with a giant bite mark on his back!
The red case ritual
Electricity bill
Don't trust MASS
Hexx House
41 years, 3 months, 3 weeks, 5 days, 16 hours, 32 minutes, and 4 seconds.
Buying a weighted blanket from Amazon was the worst decision I’ve ever made.
I was the Wrong Michael
Innocent mistake and accidents
Dry Skin
Manned Atmospheric Balloon Test Flight – 28DEC1957 – Mission Codename: Icarus – Status: (CLASSIFIED)
I Did Something Terrible During The War
Late Night Fix
In Hell, Bridget Leary Rots
He can never know what happened that night
I fed it an apple, then it crawled out of my wall.
The dreams came back
Can anyone help with my last dream?
Please, for humanity's sake, don't search for aliens.
I'm the scrap man!
Can someone send me the link of some SCP Foundation stories?
Psychological Horror Series| Comfortable, Insanity; Part 1
Tooth Department
The Old Man That Folows Me Everywhere
The two 18 year old men who went missing on Hill 677
Mr. Bear
A Strange Witchcraft Experience, ADVICE NEEDED
It has been three days since the lights flickered
If you see a sickly boy in a blue hoodie, please contact me immediately. Your life depends on it.
All he could do was watch
I work at A Diner in the Middle of Nowhere
Every three months my daughter and I have to move. I think it might be time to tell her why. Chapter 2
Saw person in my bathtub.
Heres a sneak peak at my story im writing( its fiction Duh)
The Archer
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART II
We visited The Carnival in The Hills
My families winter cabin was been abandoned 7 years ago and I never knew why. Part 2
A Countdown timer has appeared in my Towns downtown square, nobody knows where it came from. The timer will hit zero in two minutes.
Lily
Audio File Delivered to a (Secret?) Organization Uncovered Online (Part 1)
I saw mine
CATARACT
My anxiety is tangible. (Part 1)
I thought I had found the coolest item.
Dreams of Love and Vischord
From your universe to you
The Best 100 Seconds of Your Life
The Crypto-Predator: I Claimed A Skinwalker
There's a girl in my backup camera
Wasting scammers time
Spiders From Space
It’s Time for God’s Gift
'CROCODILE HOUSE'.
I used to work in social media recruitment for a death cult. My old employers have found me.
If you see Little Red on the streets after midnight, it's already too late
the ticking under my bed
here is an empty single-serving bag of Cheez-Its on my floor and it is watching me
My face went missing.
I've Seen What Lies Beyond
The Funhouse Experiment
He Was Always Watching
Pain. Suffering. Death. Repeat.
The Diamond Prospectors Part 3 (AKA I Work as a Diamond Prospector in Northern Canada. That's not all That I find.)
My phone keeps dimming in the dark
Information on Ash Springs
O cihaz ne idi..
My Brother Is Getting Exactly What He Deserves
The Roid-Raged Ghost of 24-Hour Fitness
My Best Friend Philip Keeps Messaging Me
I spent all my money on onlyfans, and I'm terrified of the fallout. I'm scared the girl I fell in love with online wont follow through on her promises- that everyone I know will find out what I did and I'll be a pariah.
Sleep Cycle Changes?
This only happened once. So far.
Beware of the Drivers
The Unquiet Grave - the spine-chilling tale behind the Lafayette scandal (Part 1)
There has been a string of missing children lately.(Part 1)
The Owl
Disney has a disturbing secret
My Mom Never Smiles At Me
My son think he has a sister but he is the only child
You overhear the strangest things when you speak a foreign language
I just inherited a haunted house. Turns out, some things are more important than property.
I'm trapped in my bathroom, someone help.
I was trapped in a coma for ten days when the crooked lady appeared and stared into my eyes
Don't trust the police... if that's what they even are.
My roommate likes dolls.
"I've Never Seen Anyone So Frightened." (Part 1) Long Post
NASA Is Trying To Kill Us All
It comes closer, slowly
My mother’s secret past
I just broadcasted the biggest Twitch stream of my life, but now me and my chat are scarred for life. (part two)
EDAE pt.1
The worst day off from school ever
The Witch in the Comments. DO NOT reply to her.
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Eleven (Finale)
My new flat has rules. Feel like this won’t be a pleasant experience.
Something in the sea is trying to seduce my autistic son
Maybe you should read this, maybe not..
They wanted to see her fail. She disappointed them
Sleeping issues. I hope this post will be seen. Usually the figure takes things away.
I was wrong.
short Story
Yesterday, I was a man. Today, I'm a woman.
Instead of going to college I'm working with Cryptids
Donald Trump really do be playing battleship with Iran
In The Trenches
Fuck The I-30
"Cannibal Club"
The girl at the bridge
Night on The Mountain
The House on Hanover Street
My Bedroom Used to Breathe
My Boyfriend and I
Welcome to RHPD
night time houses
I'm Afraid to Eat In Public. He is Always Watching
Something is watching me sleep
The Red Crow
"It Tired To Lure Me Outside"
There's Something Odd Going On In The Waters Off Of Maui
Will
It Rained Everywhere Today
Passing Thoughts
You can go to my profile and find my story there.
Man outside my mom's window!
(True story) My sleep paralysis experince
I had the opposite of sleep paralysis
My sweet victim.
Donor
fact I found online
I'm Regretting the Mile High Club, but my Job Demands It
The Illuminati Created Constellations (NASA Scientist)
Prime Day SpecialPrime Day Special
My friend is a murderer, please help me!!!!!!!
Brains on the Carpet
Sound's Source
I need help don't no why I cant sleep I saw something
The Nunu Tickles Your Feet
The creepy guy in the garden
Snowdrift
Never sleep with your window open at night
The Crooked Hitchhiker
My childhood house was a mental asylum
What's in the Trunk?
Dared to post this
The ghost in the doorway
It’s teeth.
THANK YOU FOR NOT TURNING ON THE LIGHT
I found the place between our body and our dreams and now I can't sleep again.
I wanna start writing creepypastas, here is a concept. Please I'd like to hear your thoughts.
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Figure Eight Strike
My parents raised me in an RV for 18 years. These are some of the things that aren't on maps.
BAG OF BONES
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 8th
I Spent a Week Locked in the Basement of a Serial Killer (Part 1)
250 words
Just a dream.
The body man has my tongue.
I’ve been trapped inside an Empty Prison for the past two years. We shouldn’t have tried to escape.
My Dream to become a scary story reader on youtube! !First Video Tonight/ Tommorow! Could you please sub its Free!
Klaxonavia the city that goes unnoticed.
What I think
My friend and I keep hearing noises from our rooms...
Skinwalkers: Dark Canyon Massacre
It only comes when I'm drinking.
An Oscar-Winning Actor Kills Me Every Day
The GuideLines To Survival
My village hosts a festival every year called The Gale, why can’t I remember what happens.
The Paranoia Bureau
Perfume Lady
1 minute after 4:60am
Grandma Bee Model 3
Short Stories: Early in the morning
My Town Has A Story About A Shadow Man
I was stuck in a well
My puppet is it’s own being and she is sharing secrets
My Neighbor behaves as if he is hiding someone in his hotel apartment
Hiking in New Zealand
Jewelry
Ghost (part 1)
A Man I Never Met Followed Me Home From the Boardwalk.
Eaten by a Dream
I found a secret room in my house with everything that i lost
The beginning of countrywide murders in name of self defence. (Part 1)
I'm serving 60 hours of community service at my local park, I've learned what roams here at night
Man’s Best Friend
A traumatic experience when I was 8
Confessions of a Twitch Girl (Part 2)
My boyfriend disappeared on his way to work and I think something terrible might have happened to him. (Part I)
The Princeton High Sleepers
4 pages (part 1)
In My Veins
My mom was most likely almost raped
The Dead Zone (Final)
"These eleven questions can tell you a lot about yourself."
There is something in the camp grounds lake
I’m a lunch lady at a high school. Help me choose which students to poison.
she wrote a book
There's something in my closet.
The Breaker and The Broken
When the cicadas go quiet
I was on thispersondoesnotexist.com, and I found a familiar face
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, I saw a long woman there.
The ocean is much deeper than we thought (Final)
I’m a Cryptid Hunter and my recent mission took me to Nahanni Valley
From Above
I did an odd job for someone who doesn't exist.
On Witch Wells, and Letting Sleeping Dogs Lie
i worked for NASA and i know a lot more then i should.
I was admitted to a Gay Conversion camp just to find my self trapped in a Cult (PART 1)
Something worse than bears.
What I saw and heard 11 years ago wasn't my missing grandma
Have you ever walked through a suburb at night?
I interviewed the sole survivor of the Lake Volstok expedition. The world should know what she uncovered
The girl in my house
Late Night Visited
Primus
Area 51 Raid (a warning)
Longings
Children.
Mommy Dearest
The mad wisdom of Tobias Longstead
All the grown ups went mad.
Light hurts me
Rang out
Attempting a Cheat Code for Life
Calls of the Castle (part 5)
A new tech company helped you talk to your dead loved ones using Virtual Reality
I was trying to sleep then i heard a knock on my window
Keep Your Head Up, Adam
Never trust the fog
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders.
I paid to a witch to see how she turned into a horrible bird in Mexico.
Girlfriend Construction Kit
I was a homeless man, now I’m back to my 12-years-old self (Part 2)
Journal of a Relic Hunter part 2When No One Believes You
I'm working at hotel that is always full but with few guest. I have a odd list of rules to follow while working my shift. (Part 1)
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 06
Elevator game? why has no one spoke about the stairwell game.
My Personal Experienced
I shouldn’t have been alone in there
SEASIDE (Part One) The Leviathan Killer
Stitched kids showing up in this town
That mushroom.
Some weird things have been happening to me lately. This is what happened last night.
I don't want to be alone
Someone watching me
I went to an abandoned house on halloween
The Rain Part 2
The Prisrak Case
My Best Friend Died on Daylight Savings, this is what I found on his phone.
Every time I wake up in the morning, things in my house are different.
I Found The Video Diaries Of A Missing Girl
I Led My AI to Human Level Self Awareness Now We Must Race To Save The World
The Beast: The Game of Adventure and Potential Horrors
help.
I found out you can level up IRL and I don't reccomend it.
All that is mine.
A Mexican tale
Door dash horror story 1
Bantay and the black dog
The Dead Guy
There's nowhere I can go, so I listen to them at my bedroom door. Day 2.
At my door
There is a door in my basement that wasn't there before
I discovered my worst fear at my husbands funeral
Déjà vu
ATTENTION ALL WALMART SHOPPERS...
Something Happened to my Son after visiting Chuck E Cheese
I think I killed my best friend
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (3) fin
I once interned for a tech company, now I'm running for my life.
Grandmas house then and now
I Just Bought My First House
Lake Berryessa holds a Terrible Secret,
I saw red
DECODE AT YOUR OWN RISK!
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Sixth Level
My New Apartment has a Crawl Space, and I'm Stuck Inside
My friend called me from the future ?
About Daniel: Part 3
Paleface
The Sanctuary
My Cousin Brought Me a Garbage Bag
There is a town that exists
Candle lit. Some things can't be seen by the eye alone.
They Walk Among Us - Part 4
I took a job as Doctor Wong’s assistant and he had 6 weird rules (Part 3)
We Clean up Scientific Mistakes
Ghost sightings (part 1)
Isn't Love A little Scary?
Every Halloween, a child in our town is sacrificed
Title - The Cycle - (So, my punctuation might not be good and this is also my first post and this is just a story.) Enjoy!
‘The Pained Healer.’
My Grandfather was a Paranormal Debunker, and his Last Investigation Killed Him
THE ELDRITCH WOMEN
The Curse of the Anatolian Forest
Why you shouldn't go down stairwells when you're drunk
This document from The Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition. (part 3)
My Family And I Witnessed Something Terrible When Our Car Broke Down.
The Journal (Part 1)
SML episode : Cody Finally snaps
There's a watchtower on our school grounds and no one is allowed to leave the premise after midnight
It Was On My Bookshelf
these people have no name
Real Space Battle
I tried to post a story on nosleep and was then given a strange list of rules. Is this normal ?
Leon posted: “Got drunk on Japanese whiskey and bought some guy’s ashes lol”
Mr. Lore: My family
Do not use the elevators (Part 2)
I'm a Police Officer in a Former Colonial Town
real dream i had (part 1)
Keeping Secrets
My family has been keeping this Book from me for years, I now know why
My dead dog came back
‘Twas the Third Night After Christmas I got out of town
Fairies are not as they seem in story books.
The Creepy werewolf in my kitchen..
My old house PT1
Not your usual r/nosleep
Today feels like a better day.
The Demons leg
Aidan is a Good Husband and Father
A Spinning Wheel of Stars
A letter to my son
A suggestion
Where is my head?
I’m Staying With My Aunt and I Think She’s a Witch
Fight or Flight (1st story)
"The watcher..." Creepypasta
The Follow (Part One)
Tic Tock Tommy.
Charlie..? part ll
I used to love going on walks through the woods, not anymore...
I Keep Recieving Phone Calls From My Long-missing Daughter
I found tapes my grandfather left behind. This one's about the Babysitter's Club.
Can't find the name of an amazing horror story help
Not Fan Theory Material Explanations
A crossing rule
IV Leaves (iv)
Here is a scary story that make you crazy!
The Gathering
My little brother had been missing for 17 years, and when I finally saw him again he hadn't aged a day.
Moncton Noire. Part I
The Woman That Watched Me Sleep
The forest pt.1
Ghosts of the Titanic
My Friends and I Visited a Graveyard. We're Never Returning.
The Vermont Satyr Company has been forced to close.
My childhood home was terrifying.
The Cave
I clean the homes of dead hoarders. The last place was filled with a lot more than just trash
You can't make an omelette without cracking a few eggs.
Never look at the apple loading screen...
My girlfriend has a horrible eating habit
The skin Walker
My Family Have Had Their Memories Replaced (PART 2)
I Don't Like Making Breakfast
The Library. (Part 1)
SNUFF - Dustin Geller
Room 285: The Scream Queen
The Guest Room Part Two: There’s Something In The Vents
A red mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane Part 2
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night.
The Wilted Rose
Diary of...
"I can't stop writing..."
Without Words.
And there's the Van that watches the house
Sleep paralysis or Malicious attack
Something sinister is coming for my college town
The Disappearance Of All My Uncle's 6 Wives Are Finally Answered
The FEAR Test
Triggered by my eyeliner
The Lost and Found
Japanese Folktale - translated
I wear a mask while doing my job. It gives me insight into the lives of people.
The Social Experiment
the monster under my bed
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 2
I live in a normal city.Something very abnormal is happening.I don't think i will make it out alive much longer.
Do not go fishing in the Barents Sea, it's worse than you could possibly imagine
The Presence is back: Part 2
Sleep Paralysis: Dreading the Night
My next door neighbor is a MILF
no
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. My first day involved a bank robbery.
We Didn't Run Into It... It Ran Into Us.
Sometimes, when you think you are seeing something, maybe you are.
Not Just A Matter Of Numbers
I'm a Philly Cop, and my friend killed a house on Halloween
The Forgotten Files- D1 E1
My Crush Doesn't Love Me Back
I put a buck out of its misery, but picked up my own
A letter from my cannibal stalker
Something is in the woods
My dog keeps staring at something in the garden.
What I Saw, Saw Me
The Village : The Places We Have Come To Fear The Most
She's here.
Strange Refugees - Part 1
We've been hunted by a monster for weeks.
My Mother and the Darkness Pt.2
If something smells nice, start worrying
I Know Who Murdered Julia Grey. Her Ghost Told Me.
The Twins
If you are in South Texas PLEASE do not take ALAMO RD - PT 2
We Found Something in the Depths pt.1
Graduation ceremony has concluded. Me and my closest friends decided to go explore a mansion. (Little did I know this would change me.. )
My mother gave me her black card, and I bought something I shouldn't have on the DarkWeb
wooden chiavari chairs wholesale
The Doorhole
I found out i wasn’t the father to my son and it all went horribly wrong
I am clown
A portal to another place
The less they know about us, the better.
The Little Footsteps
When the town smells like nutmeg, you better take it as a warning
Alternate Reality Game Gone Wrong?
Most loved one
Insomnia in the heart of the night
I've been having weird dreams lately.
The Self-Portrait of Rancorous Ruck
Death has followed my every step, and I'm starting to think, she's just my shadow
This is not a healing pool
The Woodsman - I
The man in the attic (pt.1)
I keep having the same dream every night
My best friend is trying to hang me
When all of the children in our town disappeared, everyone was heartbroken. When all of the children in our town reappeared, everyone was terrfied
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
I thought the rule of not being allowed in a classroom without a teacher was stupid until now.
Don’t sleep with the lights off!
"The intruder" part two
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 2.
My team is sent in to deal with what the government can't deal with, today we angered a god
Not Your Typical Haunted House
I Was Killed and Brought Back to Life. This Is My Story
I’m new in town and something strange just happened at the doctor’s office
A Terrifying Flight - horror story
My sleep paralysis isn’t sleep paralysis
My Dad took my brother and I out to the woods to bury a body - (Coin Toss) - Part 1
What I got in the mail PT 2
I was invited to a game show as a contestant, now I regret accepting the invitation(1)
I had an evil twin
What's That? Episode 2: Filial Children
Tale From A Gravedigger (Part 4) (Final)
The life of a Sleepwalker
I got home from work and saw the kitchen lights on.
My Grandmother
I spent a day in hell I became traumatized since then.
I Took Part in A Summoning Ritual That Went INSANELY Wrong
What Happened to Mr. Scarecrow?
Take care of your babies.
M I K E
The dream eater
In my town, the better you are the bigger you are.
A blizzard caused something terrifying to happen two winters ago
I work at Walmart. There’s something in the vents. (Part 1)
I snuck into the zoo after dark, but then I fell into the most notorious exhibit in the country.
The Abhorrence Behind the TV
As a child, three beings left space altering scorch marks on the field where I played. Fifteen years later and they're back and picking us off one by one.
It’s been six days since i checked into a hospital in queens, I don’t want to say which, I don’t want to spread panic.
The demon pound part 1
The Kids Come to Me
This is my short story called instead. Hope you like it
Credence
Haha hand go spank
I rejected her and she made my life a living hell
The new kid at my school is not a kid nor a human.
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 3Clairvoyance: Red Door Yellow Door
My experiences solo hiking in central Michigan forests - The mime on south bend trailsMy town is a cult
My dream is keeping me up all night
The clown in the woods
My experience in the backrooms
An Anti-Vaxxer Vaccinated Me On The Subway. Now I'm Getting Thinner.
My girlfriend keeps asking me strange questions, and they're getting more sinister
My name is Philip Jones
Y0u c9nn0t kn0w 3v3rything.
The Big Tipper
Flaya Paya
A shape shifter at my workplace
I am stuck in the toilet of my office
My teeth are tingling and I think there's something inside.
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - I’ll never call a spirit as a witness again
My Girlfriend isn’t who she says she is (She’s a fallen angel and hitwman for the underworld. She drinks demon’s blood to survive)
My mom keeps knocking on my door
They Call me Omega (Part 1)
They Are After Me. {Part 2}
The more I cut myself the better I feel, my bullies on the other hand........
Im sure this must be a memory...
Story Hunter, Part Two
Surrounded in Darkness
The truth about our water.
Hi, have some stuff to finish up before you call it a day? Join me in this productive cozy afternoon study with me.
Bip is Back and Here to Stay
An underwater object the size of a cargo plane just passed through the Great Lakes Waterway.
Booze... drink and do not. Stop
I was a ghost hunter here are some of my storys.
My Experience; Ouija Board
When I think about telling ghost stories, I think about sitting around a campfire, roasting marshmallows, telling spooky tales with a torch under my chin before retiring to my tent for the night. Despite the fact that that isn’t an activity I’ve ever taken part in, ever, it just feels like the perfe
Never ending nightmares
Soon to be reborn
She’s staring at him.
Times of yule: A Christmas diary, day 1:What in the actual fuck was that thing?
Intrusive neighbour
Ring-Ring
I Burned My Friends ~ ?
They were watching from the tree tops
There isn't going to be a 2020 for the human race.
Strange things happen in my town, Chapter 2 part 1
The rain melted my first car
My town has an old nursery rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. The song is almost over. PART 3 of 4
Natural Prostate Health Support Solution For Men's | Improve And Maintain Prostate Health
My childhood memories part 2: The house of God.
We, The Feast
If you read this. You are not safe.
Every 12 hours a butthole appears on a random wall in my house. It drops an item pertaining to a problem in the day. Yesterday it dropped a weird talisman. (Part 1)
There's a reason Entities have lists
Lift Men
I recently moved to a different town. Whatever you do, don't visit this place.
The Closet Mice
Your life-long companion, Yteixna
I was found on Halloween, 1993. No one could figure out where I came from. This is my story.
There is something in my house
A loving father of four.
Grammy &amp; Papa - an introduction.
Solitary.
I found a mysterious package on my doorstep. Now I know everything, but I don’t know what to do. (Part 1)
I heard everything is true here, even if it's not..
She's fragile, Handle with care.
My Missing Sister Part 4
Becoming a night guard at a military base was not what I thought
Stitches
There's something in my new house with me. (Part Three: The Basement - FINAL)
My Friend Is Acting Strange
The final night shift of my life
Men’s Warehouse
My Name is Lydia Poole, and It’s Finally Over.
We had all heard about the events at the lighthouse.
Goodnight..
My daydreams are becoming real
A picture in my Calendar was taken Yesterday, and My Friends In it Began Vanishing (Part 2)
The Death Of An Ocean
Am I nuts?
Tales from Customer Service
The Soul Snatcher.
I think my friend and I just almost got sex trafficked at Austin City Limits
Please Help! Have you seen this creature?
A Childhood Memory with Mr. Longears...
Sleep Paralysis Demon.
My cellmate told me the terrible truth. I took to long to believe it.
That Omnipresent Obscenity
I stole someone's Doordash order. I think it was poisoned.
The boy in my closet.
I never should’ve gone in my friends basement
I think my neighbors are sick: Chapter 4 Atlanta
If you find a VHS tape titled Professor Egghead's Adventures don't watch it
Our boring town had a carnival come through it. It had rides, games and rules. (Part 1)
The legend of "The Howler."
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 6
Gotta keep it entertaining.
I didn’t toss the broken comb
You have 12 seconds
The Day I almost got killed (TRIGGER WARNING)
Alice
I think my friend is hurting people part2
Do you guys think like me?
The man.
I visited my best friend for his wedding and forgot about the local mannerisms: knocking
There is a village where people scream at the setting sun. I will turn it into a battlefield.
I got a call from a doctor. We need to capture the undead gorilla.
I went night surfing and something happened to me.
I'm Studying to be an Archeologist, But This Old Forum Post is Making me Reconsider
Challenge: Don't Die
She had a good son.
A Walk of Fresh Air
I will not fall asleep to ASMR ever again
I hunt things, things you wouldn't expect. PART 2
The mall that never ends 1
Creepy neighbor
Dreaming of Fire
Mad Maggie's Marble Menagerie
There’s something else in my home...
THEY'RE GOING TO KILL US
If they find me, you're dead.
Remember your name
I met John Denver about 13 years after he passed
I found a job ads online and I regret it...
When you see me keep it a secret or
I'm an FBI agent and a shape shifting cannibal is ruining my life.  FINAL
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist (Part II)
There is something very wrong with my stepfather, and the so-called “inventions” in his basement.
Sudden obbsession.
I Beat... A Dream?
Don't buy a nightlight.... here's why
I recorded myself sleeping to find out if I snore. That was a terrible idea.
The footsteps keep growing louder.
My Cupid, the Soul Stealing Monster (Part 2)
Weird story (real)
I opened a museum of cursed objects. This latest one is extra cursed.
There’s Something Wrong With My Mom’s Bed
A Small-town's Killings
Email
Wanderers
I’ve been followed by something ever since I saw it when I was 4
My Monster is Different.
Something sinister is happening to the pipes in my house.
The Apartment Complex I Moved Into Has Some Very Strange Rule (part 4)
I was locked inside the nosleep subreddit for 7 days. This is my story
My cat knows something is living in our shed
i almost got killed
Turkey Fucker
I was going on a seemingly normal business trip to Chicago form London, but i booked the forbidden room in the hotel. (Part 1)
A Girl's Diary
Don’t Trust Anyone You Meet During Singles Night.
Gaga man (Repost from r/horror)
My breakup led to me leaving this dimension
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she ended up somewhere else and might be in danger
THERE ARE NO MORE KINGS IN ENGLAND
Teddyhow i commited the worst mass shooting in us history
PART 1 The company I work at discovered a cure for cancer, but the side effects are unholy.
Hi guys i m nosleeping from 24h to now
I have new neighbors upstairs
The chair of gluttony
I just broadcasted the biggest Twitch stream of my life, but now me and my chat are scarred for life (FINALE)
I need to keep my apartment room checked...
Are you afraid of the opposite sex?
The screams I hear and the...creatures, that I see when I close my eyes are incomprehensible
Black Coffee - A (possibly) original story.
I am a janitor in Prague's subway system. There is something revolting happening beneath the city.
Get off this subreddit now and run.
My creepy house
Safe haven
A top-secret Soviet experiment would be dangerous to remain hidden any longer.The Game
PLEASE READ.
The House of Flies
This post is my punishment for telling my identical twin that I’m attracted to her. Please don’t encourage this.
Terreurs nocturnes
I had to use a battery operated lightbulb because the power went out in my house. The truth was much more sinister.
The elevator game
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (part 2)
Definition of reality
I have nowhere else to go
Don't take a Greyhound...
ME AND MY FRIENDS FOUND SOMETHING IN AN ABANDONED HOUSE.
Dreams and hypnic jerks
My grandma passed down her cabin-in-the-woods to my brother and me. It's filled with old nightmares, and now those nightmares have found us
My Eccentric Neighbor liked to Plant Cuts of Steak in his Garden, I Think I Know Why He Dissapeared
I met Satan through my sister
Ears of Corn
The Grappler
A Dark Walk on the Beach
My friend is dead and I wish I didnt know why.
In the apocalypse, I work for a company that exterminates mutated animals. There's a reason cows scare me the most.
The Ropes Mansion
The Meat Butcher Is Coming.
Glitches aren't real.
The man who raped me...
My job is to set disaster in motion
Every night, at 4 AM, I hear a woman crying in my backyard
I have the ability to touch objects, but only when the power is on in the attic.
The Mirror in the addict
The Basement DoorI broke the cycle (part 1)
Break-Up
I have telekinesis. Help me.
Final Showing
Lucky pennies can be gateways to the past. But if you are not the owner, it can lead to trouble.
Pam's face
I've discovered something terrifying about the hypnic jerk
I saw heaven and hell, they are nothing like what is described in the scriptures (1)
Wlscoampe Tromf Bedside Manor
hunt and kill parasites in earth which should not exist
I've been lost in space Please send help were not alone up here
I've Always hated Cats
i really don't know what was going on
My Neighbor's Weird Habits
I'm not touching you
Help.
Cum
Someone followed us out to our remote wooded cabin..
Mr. Reynolds
i'm being watched at night
Has anyone met a backwards-walking person?
Razor Mouth (part 2)
I Am Deaf, but Sometimes I Can Hear A Blood Chilling Static Noise
We've been guarding an empty room for the past five years. Today we found something inside it.
The monsters inside of me wont go away
Home.
The Wishing Crow
Hunger.
am i in another dimension?
Why I Stopped Narrating Stories On YouTube
The biggest horrors live inside of your skull.
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 4
Idk what to do anymore, just make them stop.
The forevermore man
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig...
I applied as a night class teacher in Catholic School and the school minister gave me a rules to follow.
Jordan Peterson | Why you should pursue the unknown
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world.
A dream of future
Something that happened to me and my sister when we were kids.
My twin has amnesia. (Part 1)
Something strange happened at work and I never want to go back
I'm the only one who knows the truth; they have me locked up.
The Things In My Apartment Won’t Stop Moving
Here kitty kitty.
Don't summon Zozo
Alternate versions of you exist and they are among us.
THe worst sound in the world
The Wishing Doll
The thief who wished to steal the world (Part 1)
Ghost town
The day the world fell to darkness
I saw something that will haunt me forever (part 1)
My cum tried to kill me
My nightmare is real.
Nightmare
The channel
I recently brought Clay for me to make sculptures, but every time i wake up i see a new sculpture on my desk.
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like a human? (Pt. II)
(#s "_suicide______") In the Shape of the Little Dipper
The time a shadow person saved me from an evil entity
IF YOU CAN SEE THIS, PLEASE READ THIS, IT'S URGENT
Life is Literally A Simulation
Tominos Hell
Horror Shcool Trip Experience
She ruined my life... Everyone I love is gone. This is my little footprint that shows I did once exist. My life was good. Until I met her.
I Woke Up, But I Wasn’t Asleep
The Man
Infinite Poop
Hell
I have the ability to commandeer any living being's body, and I am addicted to it.
The Newest Discovery
The math teacher
the laughing gas experiment
What cryptid would you not want to encounter ?
Desert Lights (Post #1)
Thirteen Tangerines
Yo there's something wrong over there
Follow The Rules...
If you see a house with red gates, turn around and run. Don't look back.
Apocalypse Radio Now: Episode 2
Text messages from my sister
I Tried to Stop a Suicide Attempt, but it Backfired
i think the quarantine is driving me mad. pt. 1
The thing in the woods would not stop following me.
I’m a Librarian Who Gets Visions When I Touch Books
SCP 6966
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am...
I'm never exploring abandoned places again
My wife is decomposing and doesn’t seem to notice
The Death of Clayton Denham
Story , William Afton. (Made up)
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching For a Way Out (Part 1/10)
Eleanor's Writing Journal
My Shitty Job as a Cashier (1)
I saw something in the back of my throat.
I Peeped in the Wrong Window; Now I Fear For My Soul
Help! Each night is a nightmare!
I think I jump between dimensions...
I had a living, breathing Pikachu when I was younger. Briefly. It's all so fuzzy..
OLÉ
There’s an old, disfigured man living in my walls. And he’s my best friend.
Dream's Trap
I think me and my girlfriend are actually dead
My Abnormal, But True, Childhood:: "Grandma"
Kid in the woods
I'm Lily Madwhip and You Can Keep This
I was kidnapped by someone who wanted to help me.
I'm A Body-hopper, I Found the Perfect Host
Help! Figures have Surrounded my Frat house (Part 1)
The Howling Silences My Late Husband’s Voice
The Phantom Caller
I contracted a disease... I don’t think it’s the Coronavirus.
What flair do you use in this subreddit for stories?
The Boy In The Fire Part.1
The Diamond Prospectors Part 5
It really is happening again - part 2
I’m a cop serving in the Yukon who was called to protect a young girl claiming to be hunted. She turned out to be telling the truth.
The sky opened up.Grandmamas Lovely Biscuits.
Never Mock Among The Dead
On the Way to Work
Something Strange Outside My House
I'm An Unpaid Intern and It's Weird Here (Part 3)
Today is supposed to be June 1, 2020 but I woke up in January, 1, 2019
"when i was invited to strange game five lives were lost i was the last one standing "
being terrorised
The Laughing Woman | I'm Sorry If I Destroyed Your World | Short Horror Story
Atomatonophobia and how I got it.
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In The Mail.
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 5.
Archeology was my passion, now it may be my death
I see something in the dark.
911
I woke up in a child’s body
My Dog Rosie
We keep seeing the same hitchhiker.
Terrible Tom's Primal Goat Fest Finally Came To My Town. I really, really, wanted to become his number one fan.
The shadow laugher man in the forest tried to drowned me
Turn around
Coronavirus isn't just a type of flu. It's worse.
Gastronome
Grief
Ceresco, Nebraska (Part 3)
I found something (first post be nice plz)
The mirror on the wall.
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry that I ever did. (Part 2)
The woman sitting across from me
The Woman in White
the one i let go... for good PART 1
The Books Are Gone
Listen to the Dogs
So, Yeah... I Don't Do Drugs Anymore.
The Video Diary Of Oscar Atkins (Part 1)
My friend isn't himself - Part 2
This should be unspoken ...
I found something lurking around our family cabin.
Mermaids Aren't What You Think They Are.
What happen last night made me shake beyond repair.
I was a priest for 20 years, here is why i stopped being one..
I'm an Immigration Attorney and I've Seen Some Things: Case File Svetlana Ivanov (Part 2)
I Found This List Of Rules For Prospective Maids
Tracking My Sleep Patterns Turned Out to be a Horrible Idea
My Deep Woods Experience - Part 3
January 2021 Voting Thread
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” Part 1 and 2
My name is max, and I need track down dangerous unknowns
Teacher's Camp Baguio Philippines
Betrayal
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 10
Creeped out.
Maddie and Opal (PART 1)
Drunk
Send Help
Serial Killer Subreddit
I've found out a day of the week doesn't exist
Our prison kept a man in isolation for 50 years
Can anyone send me a link or sum to the third part of the hint man series
My father was a horror writer. One of his stories was true. Final Part.
I hate my new apartment
I Became An Exorcist's Apprentice
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I have taken steps to become ordained again. The church had other plans.
College Ghost Stories Ep 1 - The Old Man In The Building
They all went mad.
Eight Ways to Paradise: The First Step (part two)
We Are The World
The Game of Escalations
We called him the Wizard
My Father and I
I think I may be possessed.
My name is Project #124 part one
Why you should go vegetarian
My school is on lockdown. Whatever is here isn’t even human. (Part 1)
The Sharer of secrets
A spirit or demon?
This is my first short story, I hope you enjoy The Stringfellow
Something weird happened while i was showeringy
Don't accept anything for free on Craigslist (Part 1)
Boo!
Where to buy deep web monster hunter mystery box?
$300 Million
I Watched A Short Horror Film on Youtube When I Was a Kid
I Thought I Knew Who My Grandpa Was. (Short Story)
Company Holiday Party Raffle
I took a video of a really weird light I've been seeing in Northern Thailand, anybody know what this could be?
My Tinder Date is from Hell
I Was 16 When It First Visited Me
Overnight camping: week 3
May Flowers
I keep finding strings, and I don't know where they're coming from.
132 Oldacre Lane
One Small Step.
Whiskey Hunt – The Jenkins Report (Part 1)
Those who we kill stay with us
I am finding diseases that have my own name
Everything is completely still... except for me
What happened to the old babysitter? (Part one)
There's something in the woods around the cabin Pt 1
Only good karma and good vibes!
The Creepiest Deep Sea Diver and Fishermen Stories
Feeding The Hounds
I think a spirit or something evil possesses my mirror.. Please help
(Part 2) I'm a cable guy in the world's creepiest little town, Hollow's End..
The Dryad's Song
My Father
Hibernation
PRANK CALL
WARNING: Ignorance is Bliss
My Time with the CellKey is Almost Up. Who's Next?
The Old Man of Trinity part 1
Check Your Cabin For Shackles
THE smiling devil
I shouldn’t have gone running tonight
When will it end, a true story.
Weird guy (possible cultist) getting in my life
It’s very possible I had a visitor in my room last night.
I moved to the suburbs to start my life over. One of the boulevards hides something dark...
Out of the corner of my eyes, I can always see 'it'. I always have since I was a child.
Fear of the Doll
Criminal Minds didn't save my life
Audio Log: //6 June, 2018// Missing Guided Missile Destroyer USS █ █ █ █ Last Contact: 23:09:28
Something In The Fields Behind My House Was Stalking Me
19 Chestnut Street (Pt. 1)
My Neighbors are Satanists-Part 1
Something is in my neighborhood, and it wants to kill.
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 3
I keep hearing noises.
Remember when? (Part 2)
The Old Waterhouse
I'm dying from an illness no one can explain
We Always Listened to Grandpa
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Susanna's Shadow part 2
Everywhere I go, I see her face. I'm terrified for my life.
Caribbean Lore: Bazil
I have ended it. Bye
wait this isn't a subreddit for insomniacs
The Funeral Home I Work at Has a Strange List of Rules
It's the Routine that Kills us All
Renting houses sucks.
My Mom Thinks I'm the Antichrist
The sleep man
Sunday night
Person keep climbing on my balcony.
The walls
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Seven) FINAL
Dear Reddit,
A Confession to my Love
A Witch Cursed the Babies Born in My Family
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 9)
It wasn’t a real cab.
Solution to Climate Change: Human Sacrifice
800 CHAPTER 1 The Arrival "ORIGINAL WRITER"
DREAM JOURNAL
The Alternate Reality's: Universe EXTRA Part 1
HE. WON'T. LEAVE
We inherited a mirror from my great-great-aunt, now my reflection is mercilessly stalking me
You should be protecting yourself against more than just covid.
Our Son Hasn’t Been Feeling Well
My Reality
Massive Blue Eyes
Everyone Here Is A Bot, Except Me
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 1)
I found tapes my grandfather left behind. This one is about our neighbors: the lights in the sky.
My ex wife and I took our kids for pictures with Santa. This is what we found.
The painting of a demon and an aglel
I don’t really know WTF this is, but I may have received instructions for transporting yourself.
When I was little the ground would eat me
Never Go in The Attic (Pt 2)
My Best Friend Buddy
I have frking strange nighbor whenever u get my car to go somewhere he stare at me from his window that's fuking scary his car is under a "carpet" and he never use it (iv already check it's not a rare car" one day iv walked by the left of my pass and notice nails on front door "not here anymore"wtf
He was Maikel.
No 3:33 Notification
The Moonlight Man
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 9)
There is a portrait that hangs in my grandmother’s house that bleeds at night, from the frame.
Cipactli Comes
Don't pick the light blue flowers
Truly Purple
What was this noise?
A House in the Deep, Dark Woods
Little Sky (Part One)
My Little Fish Part II
My alarm clock broke last month and so something else decided to be my alarm clock
My roommate is obsessed with ASMR, but now she is doing something illegal in my room while I sleep.
My Summer as A Security Guard for A Disturbing Carnival - Part 3 - The Theater
A bunch of dirtbag weirdos created all the world's religions and culture and language. What do you do when you learn the truth?
My friend and I went urban exploring, that was a mistake.
My town survives by making human sacrifices. But someone had to go and ruin everything
The little girl who started everything
Happiness is a Pill Away
My hellucinations want to take over.
"The Girl With Many Lives" or "The Girl Who's Fate Is The Same".
I see her face when I take in the night's scent
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART I
The cruise ship I was with just left me on a random island with a strange phone. Part 1
Death is a Living Hell
Alone at the Office
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 5)
what is this
Anna
I live in a haunted house and it's getting terrifying.
I can "reset" my day whenever something goes wrong. Recently, I have been stuck in a reset loop and I need help to fix it /The Reset Loop
In The Cavern of the Chimpanzee God
Mysterious Creatures Invaded The Neighborhood, Now I'm Afraid To Leave The Bunker
Biomatter Rebecca
What is this creature scratching at my door?
I outplayed a scammer and now they want to kill me
I think there's something living inside me
my dead grandmother came to check on my brother
PRANK CALLING MY MALE FRIENDS ( *gone wrong🙆🏾‍♀️💔😫)
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #5
Don't go crying to mom
The night killer
Talking ghosts in my room, knocks on walls. Loud stomping. Breathing in vents. And... ghost farts
I must be passively imagining these things
I attended a pagan ritual in Iceland. I've been stuck in Helheim for 100 years now.
I found a diary while hiking on a mountain. What I read on the diary sent chills to my spine.
The old woman on my street. Video included.
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of. GUTTERS: PART 4, FINAL
Help! Strange Figures have Surrounded my Frat House (Day 1)
Тайна подвала!
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. We've gone to the cave, where she told us to stay far away from. I think something's found us in here.
The Drowned Sailor's Burden
I should have sold my soul instead
Demon's
I covered up my daughter's death, but I think she is back
I was the last one to hear it, and I'll be the last one to die.
The amusement park I work at has strange rules.
The white moths in Maine that people call angels.
I Followed Someone Trying to Steal at Walmart
Signal 5
There's a new house on my street, and nobody noticed
I will never play another Mario game
My kitty passed away a few days ago
Space Beef
The lights burn and my parents are refusing me medical help
never look in a mirror 5 minutes after being rejected by your girlfriend
I gave birth to you, daddy
UPDATE: All my Former Students are Committing Suicide
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Ten)
It gets easier
The Late Night Taco Bell Scare!
Taking a long, warm piss when you're cold is probably the greatest feeling in the world.
The berry lady
The Contract Came with bodyguards
If you ever see an ad from www.chatwithhotgirls.com, REPORT IT TO THE AUTHORITIES.
I'm stuck in a video game with 100,000 other players
My Uncle’s Cabin Part 3: The Hell’s Canyon Expedition I got lost inside of a Spencers (1)
There a camp in my town and something not right with it.  (intro)
I am having the weirdest couple of months
I think there's someone controlling me.
A School Story
A Series of Strange Occurrences (Part 1)
Weird things have been happening. (Post 1.)
I was banished to hell before I died
My neighbor is weirding me out.
snow globes
Unmarked
Phoenix Tears
An abandoned stroller rolled across the street with a crying baby in it.
today i got a text message
My Friend Disappeared into The Caves Where Monsters Are Meant to Live
Nice dreams about a beloved old house
I used a spell and grew wings.
I was reading the news, what I saw was horrifying
Figure
The Boy In The Fire Part.3
The website
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. It was a family business.
12:24
The world is a horrfying place full of horrifying things.
Elevator game
Walmart after dark is not what you'd think...
Some people just don't appreciate loyalty.
My Sister Never Came Home From School
My friend dared me to spy on my hot neighbor, I really regret it
This Girl Is Acting Weird (TrueStory)
My First Quarantine
Whatever you do, DON’T play Truth or Dare on Halloween.
Don't you dare say 'No' this time :D
The Guardian of Arasampatti
My Dreams Are Hurting Me
Dating A Demon Is Hard Work.
"A man came into my shop today, that was his first mistake"
Please read this I don't have much time left
Slayer
I don't believe it.
Bobbecideland
Incident Report: Nash Lloyd &lt;Last Name Variable&gt;. Sep 25th, 1982
Saltwater
Holes (part 2)
I Thought My Roommate Got a Makeover. The Truth Was So Much Worse
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 3)
The Red Wagon
Last night, my dead cat came to visit... but it wasn't her
The Girl With No Irises, Part 2
I sure do love my son
I work for the ESA, and today we found a message.
Hey You!
My sister's tweets have ruined my life.
Yowling Hound Tunnel
Quarantine life (part 1)
The Quiet Place
How to Survive Camping: yes we're talking about the lights again
Please Help, I'm seeing this in my dreams and idk what it means
Fruits and Vegetables
The Story of The Elbow Lady
The Pugilist
It.
https://media3.giphy.com/media/IbBq9Xn0qe9VUYsiEx/giphy.gif
Do you see the falling room?
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Of Asses and Bobcats
New Neighbors p1
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 6)
The doctors brought me back, but I think something came with me
Hunting my Grandfather's ghost
I got into contact with my higher self -- He was too fond of me.
You'll be scared to live alone ever since
Grandma's 911 Calls: Noise Complaint
Hahaha
To Hell And Back.
Rakshasa
The Lady of The Moor : Part One
The Records of Sam Parks - The Return to Chester Mine
Weird things I’ve seen while hunting
Strings
He Pretended to Be Trump’s Family. Then Trump Fell for It.
A child's method for madness part 2 (end)
I bought a laptop off of eBay and found this strange video on it...
My Mom isn't my Mom.
Don’t look into the elephant’s foot.
HELP ME GET RID OF HER
Don’t go to Thorne Wood Campground
The Silence is Deafening
I’m a therapist – and three of my patients seem to be sharing some form of hallucination. Except, I'm not sure it's a delusion any more.
Gallows humor or is hard to understand. I'm learning.
The clothing rack.. ( not true I was just bored)
I just got a letter to work at a museum.
The poltergeist
The time I could have been murdered !
A paranormal experience from a skeptic.
A Friend Sent Me a Dybbuk Box, So I Opened It (Part 4 - Final)
Something Grim in the Orchard
Tap Tap Tap
Smiling and Tearing up realizing i'm about to die a painful death.
Not a normal day,
My Name Is Joshua Riggin, and There's a Weird Yellow Floating Man Following Me. (Part One)
I think I’m going crazy. I saw a doppelgänger of my friend at work and had a conversation with it.
A bitter, bitter wind
The Witch's Diary (Part 1)
Cancellation
Something broke into the attic window. It was not human.
Help me explain this away
The Demonolaters
I'm the victim
The Tree Full of Bones
Room 260: Mr. Bear (Part 2)
Do Not Talk To Him
When one person's mind is hateful enough, one of us is completed (Part 2)
The empty vessel
I had a weird dream and after two weeks I am still afraid of it
I found an old yearbook in my closet during quarantine and you won't believe what I found.
The voice in my head has been acting up lately.
Searching for a post on here, help
Just leave me alone
January 2020 Winners!
I stumbled upon what I thought was a body farm, but it turned to be much worse
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
Things That Go Knock in the Night
I started working in overnight security and now I'm stuck
Looking for authors to contribute
An odd experience while out on a walk
I Finally Found A Mom Who Loves Halloween As Much As Me
Storms.
I Used to be A Social Worker, Now I’m in Prison
I shodded and farded
Somethingis eating your memories every night. It's my job to remind you, and I won't stop until you escape. PART 372
My body hurts and my neighbors won’t shut the fuck up
AITA for trying to teach my wife a lesson?
I can’t keep this video secret anymoreDid I ever tell you about the clown thing?
Part 11 - The Cat Sìth Incident
Endless Deep (amended)
I hve an deman on my farm
Lost in a Labyrinth of Lies
In to The Forest
Im a 911 operator and one call stands out from the rest
To Those Who Sleep
Black Hollow
Beware the drawing of concentric circles
there’s a man and a little girl in my house. i’m the only one that can see them. (part 2)
Hadeon's call
My sister's baby has been talking to me.
My wife used to have brown eyes, but now they're blue.
A man and his daughter
Can anyone recommend me some good stories with chapters I've read the campground rules one. The time me and my wife bought a farm and I would like more recommendations if at all for stories like that
The closet should never be opened
Grandma's TV (Part 1)
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries. (Part 2)
In The Winter of 1989, My Friends And I Met Someone We Called The Abominable Snowman.
Mr. Teeth
Carnon, the Corrector
The Fog isn't Letting Up, and the Singing Won't Stop
some or all
Circe
How I died
Mountain Loo pt.2
HMMMMM...
My cat ran away and what came back isn't my cat
Beach Lights
some nightly experiences
I've inherited property, and it might be a problem.
Time is a sound without space. Feeling Death Nearby.
Next time you hear the call of the wild, do not respond
طريقة عمل شوربة الفطر الطازج بالكريمه من مطبخ سيرين
Hopeless
i eat Vaseline because of my iron deficiency
Why didn’t I write papers about wholesome happy stuff instead?
Nothing unusual here, just a bloody ship in the water.
Footsteps outside my door
What are the most devastating pandemics in human history? In true scale
Mr squiggles
I'm awfully sorry for the insensitive/dumb question, but..
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she ended up somewhere else and might be in danger
There's a set of rules in the 7/11 Part 1
embrace
The Boy With The Bat
I Interviewed A Politician
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 5)
D
I’m a nanny. I think my new kids are literally monsters.
There's a squater living in my house but I cant confront her due to my crippling anxiety.
The Taking of Kevin Fitz
Time is crumbling apart around me...
The StacksHow i “technically” got away with plagiarizing
Alicia’s Fairyland 🧚‍♀️
Brotherly visit
I work for a radio broadcast station. Tonight, I refused to read a broadcast.
Sexhookup
I've had a Stalker for Three Years and Never Knew Until he Rear Ended Me (Part One)
“You’ve got to make this count or I’m afraid we’ll have to drop this one.
This document from the Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition.
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift (part 2)
Little Dancer
Ghost Tours May Not Be Exactly What You Think They Are
The death metal band I opened for on NYE actually lived up to their name: MURDER
I Escaped a Kidnapping
Something very bad is haunting me.
Just Died, Any Advice?
Killing Us Softly with His Tune: Part One
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 4)
Do Red Rooms really exist in the Dark Web ? Has anonye of you ever seen one or heard a true story of one or are they just myths?
So yeah the environment is dying from Climate Change
How Do You Like Your Coffee?
I brought a toy for my daughter that seemed harmless...
Four nights ago, my friends and I brought something back.
Our old tree house still held many secrets
A strange door appeared in the back of my classroom
I’m a cook at Big Poppa’s Burger Joint and we have a secret recipe
I'm only twenty years old, but I've lived thousands of lives.
I'm the police diver who found something I can't explain. Last night, I met Wandering Willa.
My Family Doesn't Know Our Guardian Angel is a Demon
The Batman Who Laughs isn't just killing people from comic book universes...
I Work as a Security guard Next to U.N.C.C
For the last three nights, someone has been meowing from under my floors.
Hes dead
An Addiction Story
Paying the price of a tongue
I found a metal box in the junkyard. I’m having trouble processing what's inside.
I KNOW WHAT YOU SAW
It's Dead.
Work Is Hell
I sit on a throne of crunchy leaves.
Engkanto pt2: I was given
There's a darkness covering Claremount Boulevard, and the neighbors are acting weird...
The Haunted Toddler
This is How the Gorillas Went Apeshit
Some Words Before I Go.
There is Something Wrong With My Boyfriend
Theories on what happens to the soul of someone after dying?
The Mysterious Letter
That weird kid.
The rainy night special
My Pyro Joe Creepypasta Story Came True
Scary Neighbour.
Me and my friends play hide and seek every year but this year it’s with a demon
Every time something was dropped it started over
Krampus Is coming to town
I’ve started teaching at a school where all the students are dolls. I think they’re leaning something.
Two days on a search. A very important search. A beautiful search. A search that is all according to plan.
This will be an eventful summer
Dalmation Man
Kelly..? (Part 1)
Scopophobia
My Mom’s Animal Sancutary
Insomnia will be the death of me
The Third Floor Bedroom.
I’m never doing silo maintenance again
I started a new job as an overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  Chapter 2: Series Finale.
I met a demon last night.
give me the
She dissapered and I didn't know why
The Sinless Artist
I Drive The Ice Cream Truck Of Lost Souls (Part 3)
My son went missing, and now I'm being questioned by police
I followed an ambulance to my death, now I'll never go on Tinder again.
We're doomed, but not for the reason you think.
Anyone remember this creepypasta?
Your courier will be arriving soon.
I met someone on Tinder and I’m sure that he‘s not human.
I hope I’m just crazy
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 9
Am I the only one sick of "*insert job* left odd rules" I just think they are getting old
The man who walks at night
There are 54 words in the English language that are trying to kill me. And there’s more out there.
Don’t assume your an anonymous author on Reddit
He
Confessions of a Serial Killer, Part 1
Monster Mercenary: A Chat With God
BAD WEED (1) : Why am I hallucinating a whole day after smoking?
The Great Deafening
Uncle Teddy and Cora: The Dollhouse. Part 1 of 2.
The Visitor
Declared a missing person at 2 years old
Angel Creek
I've Woken Up In A Hospital
I’ve found a way to make $200k a year from dead bodies.
What are you and why am I here? (Part 10)
Do you ever feel you're not where you'd like to be in life?
The Girl In The Velvet Dress
Raggedy Ann
Who Is There?!
A STORY HAPPENED WHEN MY GIRLFRIEND STUDIED HER POSTGRADUATE
Why am I still here?
the junk yard
I Cannot See Beyond the Windows. (Part 3)
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
Need helping finding a story
He Asked Me to Have Some Faith
My Scariest Day Drinking Experience
I recently moved back into my childhood home, and something is off.
I'm pretty sure I'm being pranked by my employees.
Theres something off about the bridges.
“My blood is black, and my skin is red”
Trick or Treat.
A Friendly Warning
Lurking in the Darkness
TRUE HORRIFYING NIGHTSHIFT STORY
The Day my dad got shit scared
To the girl with the purple shoes :)
Strange Things Happen In My Hometown. Let Me Tell You About The Lake King (part 3)
Thornberry
They’re Gonna Send You To Milledgeville
My building has tales to tell (Part 1)
The Mountain Men
My wife went missing last year
Extremely uncomfortable lucid spinning dreams/nightmares
Good
I Know How I'm Going to Die
My friend who fought demons (part 4)
It Found Me, Has It Found You?
TOGETHER FOREVER
It comes closer when I sleep
The Unintentional Haunting
Demise
Mop.
Unnatural Fear
The quiet one
11:38 AM
UNIDENTIFIED ENTITY
Something weird I remembered...
Hi, my name is Jared, i am 17 and have been alive with PTSD for 12 years.
Can't sleep and lonely
My dog has been talking to me. And what it’s saying doesn’t sound good ( part two)
Dream that was a look into afterlife?
I Keep Seeing The Hound
i am a bridge between life and death
Black Ibis
The Eyeless Woman
Don't Open an Ancient Box In Your Uncle's House
The man in my house...
I’ve started teaching at a school where the students are all dolls. I think they’re leaning something.
Sail on Silver Girl
I Saw my Friend's Double Before she Died.
The Unknown
Want to know something?
I am an employee at a 7-11. Thing is, it doesn't show up on any gps. (Part 1)
The contents of a camera I found while exploring the woods our town shares with Cornwall are endlessly disturbing and have been the source of my nightmares since, so I warn you to turn back now if you wish to save yourself from a similar fate.
My apartment complex’s doors won’t open, I think it’s the government.
The Wendigo
The eyes in the dark
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 10th and 11th
Night Walk
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. Yesterday I died.
The Vacation.
ghost be caring about my wellbeing
A true thirty three year 'haunting' from a film
My Parents Never Let Me Go Into This Forest, Now I Know Why
I'm Caught in a Dark Web Challenge and Need Help
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal? (Part Four)
The Granny Tree Is sentient and I think it's after me (PART 2)
Demonic Pacts (Part 8)
what a night
KOJI MURAI.
My dad keeps a lock on his closet door. I used the tools I found inside to start killing people.
9. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Not Feeling So Great
What Happens When We Die
I decided to get this app that my best friend’s obsessed with and it will forever disturb me
Furusato
The Bride Screamed Twice
Racist?😑
It can use your own voice against you, or against your family
I picked up a hitchhiker by mistake, now he's in control..
Off Route 54
I am a former Green Beret soldier. The Russian and US governments are working together to hide something in northern Siberia
The Other Baby
Something implanted dreams in my head. Now my colleagues are dead.
I work at a gaming cafe and it has a few strange rules #2
VTA Bus 306 DT Express
The commercials started talking to me.
The sun didn’t rise, and I desperately need your help
They always follow me. But why?
The Mystic Society of Explorers Wants You
Mr. Lore: Diffrent time, diffrent adventure
my neighbor stopped mowing his lawn
Someone is in my house
I'm an interdimensional time traveler trying to save your world
Find Out
A "cat" used to write me letters as a child. The cat came back and I dread the letters.
6 Countries Where Cannabis is Still Illegal
The tulpa experiment
Alien in the farm
I don't know what I saw but she was in danger.
I found a strange book in our church records that's causing me to question my faith
I'm not allowed to talk about Papswall
I talked with my old friend only to know that he was already dead
In the Closet
I’m an Elementary School Teacher, and for the Last Three Fridays Something Strange has Been Going on With my Kids.
Dead Neighbor pt2
Weird evil thing followed me around for a while
The Little Girl In My GrandAunts House
Umm help please?
No one is who they seem.
Passenger
My Tram entered a tunnel I’ve never seen before. Now I’m stuck and I am beginning to loose my memory... (Part 1)
Don't eat the Impossible Whopper!
The Signal
How to Make Your Life More InterestingSomebody please save me.
Theres someone standing behind my door
Curiosity- three kings creepypasta
The mysterious "T"
Do you remember the Nanny Cam?
No Regular Flu
Omen by HP Obelisk Gaming Desktop Computer, 9th Generation Intel Core i9-9900K Processor, NVIDIA GeForce RTX 2080 SUPER 8 GB, HyperX 32 GB RAM, 1 TB SSD, VR Ready, Windows 10 Home (875-1023, Black) Only 6 left in stock - order soon.
The man in the woods...
I'm a USFS Ranger and I found a video camera in the woods... Indian curses, witchcraft, bigfoot, and other madness in the Shasta-Trinity National Forest
“How will they explain to your pets that you died?”
757-435-7633
I met a man named Andrew Milton. He was obsessed with time.
There's a man at the bottom of the garden
Monster Mercenary: 300th Mission
I robbed a house last night—and found something I can’t explain inside.
Encounters through the years that have haunted me and changed me to who I am. Please help!
Across The Street
Moving Houses Has Never Been So Terrifying
Locked in Delaware
I run a cam service for monsters. I need to be very careful about the clients I select.
My Neighborhood Cat
Frozen and Alone
They're Just Standing There Waiting For Us
ONOMOMANCY – PATIENT RECORD MP1190712
My brother larry
I returned to my childhood home and realized why my parents had rules against the forest.
There's something at the end of my driveway.
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. Things just keep getting weirder.
Camp Wanahee Finale (Part 10)
It's a tough job
The man at the window (Pt.1)
What happens when humanity kills god
The Black Car Visits the Trailer Park (Part 3)
The Man
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 2
Im part of a top secret task force with the mission of hunting a supernatural interloper
It is 1945, I'm on the RMS Queen Mary, It was supposed to be over, but it's just beginning.
My Best Friend is A Demon, and Together We Hunt Monsters
"Smile"
Last year I saw Santa Claus, now I’m terrified for the 25th
Johnny Bonzai's All-Night Barber Shop
I think I'm being targeted by my Orgo professor.
The Toys
i think i'm being hunted
Do not visit the train station past midnight
I can only visit my son at night.
Messages:
The haunting of a nowhere house
My childhood friend lost his arm in an accident, he finally found out what happened to it
My brother kept a dream diary. I wish I hadn't read it.
Old Mister Morton
The Pond, Where It Should Have Ended.
There's a day hidden between the days
Stranger banging on my door at 4am.
I was bitten by a creature in the woods and now I keep dreaming about a man trying to kill me
God sent a prisoner to Hell. Humanity has their own devils to lock up. (Inspired by ‘I’m a guard stationed at a Secret Government Prison’).
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Part 3)
I can’t look out windows, or sleep in the dark because I’m afraid she’ll return. 100% true story.
It Cost Me An Arm And A Leg... Literally.
I went to investigate supernatural phenomena in rural Tennessee and what I found was far beyond even my most hideous nightmares...
To Write by Candlelight
The Crawling Room
I'm a n1g*3.r and today i didnt eated my watermelon
Beware of Desire
The Strange Boy in our House (2)
Strange changes- explanations
A scarecrow appeared near my home and it's being joined by others
The Ravenfather
Little Jakub laughs alone
I've been suffering from imposter syndrome
The Man on the Island
So I've known this stranger half of my life
You don't have tinnitus
i was scared AF the first time i read this
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left a strange set of rules....
أفضل برنامج تحميل الفيديو للايفون من اليوتيوب مجانا 2019
Don't Go Chasing Butterflies
They didn't want to be found
The doors
Twin Bluffs
A girl walked out of the woods
keys both for 4keys
A trip to Vedina
Something is wrong with Splatoon2.
I Found a Diary in the Woods part 1
I bought an old slave plantation I wish I didn’t .
Our Long Drive Back From St. Augustine
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part four.
I Think My Friends Are possessed by Demons
You may not believe me but i played POLYBIUS... Today
What Is That Sound...? (part 1)
(Work in progress title and story) horror in the house time forgotten.
Why i quit the butchers
It has been nineteen days since the lights flickered
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 5.
I come from future and I have some questions for you.
I got arrested. Now my dad can’t recognize my face.
I Don't know What It Is
I got a chain letter email mentioning "Mirror People" and of course I ignored it. I shouldn't have.
It wasn't him.
I think I inherited a murder house (part two)
I feel like I don’t belong here anymore.
I worked nightshift for a music studio. What was in there horrified me.
He did it!
Me, My Friends, And Someone  Else
I’m locked I’m my school, and I’m not alone.
Scream of the Fourth Trumpet
The pills have opened my eyes.
Ghost Between the Trees
10th Birthdays
Please Close the Curtains
Don't Read the Book
I am a Police Officer, and I'm looking into local cannibals. What I found was disturbing.
I can’t tell if I’m dreaming or not. My boyfriend doesn’t believe me.
I am the monster under your bed
My friend's parents have detention in their basement. Something gruesome just happened but I can't talk about it.
Why my senior year of high school stank
House
Game of Deception (Part 1)
The Meat Butcher And Marcus
Krampus Has Returned
Don’t Vacuum the Outdoors
Racankakk
Dancing Alone
I’m stuck in an endless train.
The Man in the window
My fried chicken-loving demon roommate is back in town from his trial in Hell, but he isn’t here for a vacation. He’s back because someone, or something, is trying to kill me. (FINAL UPDATE)
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend  The Gravestones and the Being.
My mother's cult won't leave me alone.
Why I never went to Japan again
Don't believe this title.
Dreams Predicting The Future
The slender shadow
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - That time I got shanked in jail
It's through blood that I see everything clearly. People pay me for my services.
My wife has blue eyes, but when we met they were brown.
If your GPS reroutes you while you're driving, ignore it
How many times did I turn off the light?
I was the creature
Every year on my birthday, I have to die.
The last time I got lost driving home from work.
I Bought a VHS Tape
Something ran across my lawn at night, and it wanted us gone.
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 5
Her screams
Diary of a Demon Part Four
what makes someone more vulnerable to being a victim of a crime?
I was almost killed by absolutely nothing.
Happy Mother's Day
The Doorway (Part 2)
Don't Do It
Jupiter's Rules
The lost Horror Story I need to finish!!
A Parent's Worst Nightmare
Monk Hill
Jim Rothers’s Fantastic Frozen Farm
Hauling down I-40 through the Texas panhandle, I came across a couple bears and accidentally picked up a hitch hikerHow I'm trying to survive the literal monster apocalypse
I didn’t mean for it to happen
My school got shot up and the only people who remember are the shooter and I - FINAL UPDATE
Burying memories to move forward
Don't forget to jump.
I went to a funeral today.
The Seven Gates of Hell
Never bring strange things home.
$10k Blueprint - Step-By-Step Guide To Earning $10,000+ Per Month
I swear it's better this way
Star of polar, o so fair
I’m Terrified Of Jar Jar Binks
Mysterious Flute Playing at Midnight
When All Is Quiet
The fog swallowed my town, I'm too late
i just want the flair so i can brag later
An unwanted friend
My dentist was going to kill me, so I had to take matters into my own hands
That's strange, I thought...
The Desolate Town Dream
My Mom Never Smiled At Me
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple?
FUCK YOU MODERATORS
The Guardsman
I Seem to Remember Only Nightmare, Does Anyone Know Why?
Jacopo
The Book of Autonomancy (A Spell for Freedom from Social Media, and Part 3)
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART ELEVEN
The caravan.
Theres A Ghost Around My House.
I'm a therapist who specializes in abused children. My patient and I have learned that you can defeat your monsters, but the will never truly leave you.
The Funny Guy
The monster outside my window
They Won't Let Me Die
I can see again, for the first time in fifteen years
Halyava Pridi / How I Passed My Exams Without Studying
I made it with my son
Hunter’s Moon
The Real life Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria (Jr's Stories #1)
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one that stuck with me
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But There Is Something Wrong With My Little Brother
I Just Got Married, and I Think There's Something Wrong with my Mother-in-Law (FINAL)
Is anyone there? Part 2
You can't feel pain in dreams
Ghosts, Ghouls, and Goblins are Scary, but Have You Ever Met a Saint?
Let's Make A Deal
My dreams warned me.
I bought a private island and things turned to hell (part 1)
The Green Lake Series
Something came into my room and I couldn’t go to sleep, literally.
I woke up to a post-apocalyptic world, and I don’t remember anything (Part 1)
Roller Coasters
I am Guard
“Please answer. Reach out. Let me know you’re okay…” (Chapter Two)
I will never play with a spirit board again.
Everyone in my town hears the same voice in their head at the same time every day
YOU WILL NOT SLEEP IF YOU READ THIS
I'm cursed. Every time I have a moment of true happiness, someone I love dies.
Traumatic experience when I was 8
His Name is Randy
They need to know (part 1)
I saw something...
Creature in the Lens
Do you believe in Jinx? Pulled over twice tonight in 15 minutes!!
IVAN
Passion
The Thompson Case
I took a job as a security guard at a medical center, I won't forget what happened next.
I am the head chef for an exclusive cannibal dining club
It was just supposed to be a regular girl scout camping trip
My Job Is To Hunt The Eldritch Horrors Of This World (Part One)
Death Catches Up To You
The Laughing Man
Mr. Gunslinger
Gang Stalking
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six E
Podcast broadcasting
I Have Sleep Paralysis. Something Has Been Happening. Parts 1, 2, and 3
My weird apartment complex
That clown is far from normal
Sister of Mine
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again.
The Rhinestone Cowboy in the Black Bayou
I found out what happens when we die. I know because I'm dead myself.
The Storming (part one)
Obama: A Short Story
Everything dies in the end only somethings take longer than others.
Is it possible to milk someone, than turn the milk into a apple and have incest
The Strange New Owners of the Laundromat
The Umbrella Room
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong : The Return
Sometimes I think showering is so overrated
I Have Fish Every Morning
My name is OP and I have a remarkable pair of testicles.
Black Blobs Part 7
I think I'm stranded with Mad Old Mister Holland (part 1)
Watch For Deer
the forth astronaut
I haven't slept for like 3 days... "click" "click"
something is making music
My Darkness Likes To Laugh At Me
My Dead Friend Was Right About UFOs All Along?
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
The real reason space smells like steak.
I SAW AN EPISODE OF MY FAVIRITE SHOW I AM PRETTY SURE DOESNT EXIST
I Found A Dating App That Lets You Review People
He sings at night
If a purple spider crosses your path, don't kill it
Everythime I trip going up the stairs I end up at the beginning again. Advice?!
Waking up alone
I finally found out who he is .
It was 2AM at the barracks...
Camping trip
Do you guys believe in witches?
I told you
They Lurk in the Night
Lock your doors and stay quiet, you can only hear them in whispers
He comes from the stars
The one I left behind
There is something paranormal in my inherited family home and it's terrifying me
This Ukrainian ghost town wasn't as abandoned as I thought...i had the most bizarre dream i ever had (NSFW)? (original story)
I'm having sleep terrors and am waking up screaming off and on and wondering what could be the cause of it?
We chase down portals in an RV. Finding the "death portal" had long-lasting consequences.
There Must Be a Way Out
The voices at night
My Friend's Family Has A Terrifying Secret
I need you to do me a favor, just take a deep breath
Dead Space Catalyst
I has the same nightmare for weeks. I now know what it meant
Anywhere in One Hour or Less
The screaming (woman) on the church tower
My therapist is hiding a secret
The PossessorI am a pet store security guard and I have a weird set of rules to follow (Part I)
Childhood curiosity turned bad?!
I am night shift Medic, and I have a story to tell.
Nogger man
People are starting to disappear - it happened again
The Houston Files: Hoax or Fact? XI
A strange ritual is taking place once a year in my town and I secretly watched it unfold.
I saw orange eyes
A Recipe For Mass Destruction
My Grandpa Drowned Kittens (2)
SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME MY DAD DIDNT SCREW US ALL!!
Accurate predictions for Quarter 4, 2020
Grandfathers Funeral
Sometimes I dreamt about my future and now I wish I never did
Void of the Serpent
I saw something while on duty... it saw me too
I'm Only an Arsonist out of Necessity
True stories for a video
Go check out CURIOUS RAVEN ON YOUTUBE. CREEPYPASTA
Every day at 7.44 he hands me a new piece of paper
Does Ouija board actually work?
I know who runs the internet..
I won't let them take my child away from me
Someone is following me
Leaves follow up
The Essence of Creation
My grandma said something that gave me a chill
The smell of the ocean
It's Raining Men.
The Burden /Part 2
The Rose
My neighbor had air trapped in jars. Last night, I broke into his home to free it.
A text from Grandma
I just wanted to see her smile again
Dont follow the cries
Real eyes
Almost exited or at least I thought
Hi, I’m new to this website. I found it by accident. Were you really a queen guard? Is that you in the box.
The Barn - Part 3
They, Part III
The Creature That Ruined My Life (Part 1)
i think all thees knew covid 19 numbers are made up
She... went outside, didn't she?
My cats adopted a ghost. And she moves with me now.
Your driving down the highway at 90mph your dash reads 1:45 am the sun is coming up early only that’s not the sun, you hear explosions
Under the Ground: Hellevator
Hello, From Suddencliff High School.
The Horde - please help (28.6441850, -98.8243150)
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. The king is dead but the gruesome game continues..
Why you shouldn't open sealed doors.
I found Something.. or Someplace
I'm being hunted down by what I believe is my Doppelganger
I saved the world today... but not how you think
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now. (FINALE)
The Girl In The Blue Dress
I Didn't Believe in Ghosts Until I Met My Husband - Part 2
Rules for the cabin airbnb
The Man in the Hallway keeps us in our rooms.
If you ever see Santa, run to your parents.
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 3
The woods...they aren't...right
I work the overnight shift at a parking kiosk, and recently I've been finding these pages...
Klausner didn't do it.Not that i care about it now....
Log Book Series 1 Part 1
The Moment of Triumph (?)
I found a USB stick outside my house, something was wrong with it.
Old man has been following me at my family vacation home since I was 6
The cast of my favourite TV show are sitting under my best friend's Christmas tree. I don't think they're alive anymore.
Childhood Memories
Offended much Megan
I accidentally stumbled into an alien spacecraft, and now I'm an intergalactic slave.
The Girl On The Overpass
The man in my nightmares
The World Ended In July of 1999
I’m no snitch
Saltwater
i am ,,, alien
Passengers this evening.
Don't camp alone
I finally stopped running
I believe my sugar daddy attempted to abduct me
My name is Igor
Something is on the surface
July Contest Nominations
Mind your Manners
there is something in my balls?
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them.
That night
Selfless
I was in a Saw trap made by a teenager (Part 1). The keys were inside us
After ClassMy Daughter's Ghosts
A Mother's Evil
Something trapped me in a tunnel
The Shimmering Glade ( Pt. 1 )
They’re all gone, and I’m next
The Motion Detector
My friend stole more than he bargained for. (1/3)
A knock on my door
She Was My First Kill
Just a quick question for everyone out there
A Goddamn Nightmare
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station
I used to be scared of storms (Part 2)
(Fr)L’intrusion fatale
These...things, they’re after me...
People are hanging from a tree outside my town. One of them survived.
my friend yold me a myth i was real
My time travel kerfuffle part 1 (recommended to read the prologue)
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 2
Can you even imagine?
I Woke Up In Bed And I Don't Remember Who I Am
The one reason why
Subject #27
2021 is starting off way worse than 2020 by far...
Grandpa’s Haunted House.
Don’t go david I just want to play😊😊
I have been tracking a bounty hunter's story ever since 2016 (Part 5)
Me And My Friend Tried Late Night Bowling
Nowhere is a place you can be.
Hell Is A Teenage Girl
The Sharing Tree
There’s something in shadows and I think it’s coming for me.
PLEASE GUYS HELP ME!
The Congo
Jeremy kept telling me that he was going to meet his family in the kids pool area
Coughing
Help me understand
A Gentle House
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 2)
What They Wanted to Find
Never Throw Away Your Magazines
What Do You Mean No One Lives In Dorm #392?
Make itt Easier For the Next One
I saw it's face
Two days ago there was an oil spill you probably didn't hear about
I found a strange book in my basement and now there are some things happening that I can’t explain. (Part 1)
I Received A Text From An Unknown Number That Shouldn’t Exist, And It Knows Things About Me That I've Never Told Anyone
The Pits
The fairy garden
A Student of Mine Thinks she has Found the Cure for Some Truly Horrible Things, but I don't think she Understands the Costs
Lightning Changed My Brother (an Update)
Youtube
I used to work as a mall Santa, but one boy’s Christmas list made me quit.
A Petition to Re-establish the Christmastime tradition of exchanging Ghost Stories- II
Ere the Set of Dusk
Shady
The real reason r/nosleep is going private for a week PT2
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I'm trapped in the tunnels with a bunch of brainwashed cannibals..
he never said goodbye (Part 3)
Do we believe time travel is possible? And is it controllable, or spontaneous?
The Whisper
We All Have Our Demons
My friend's son is still missing
A Midnight Visit (A True Story)
Unknown life saver number
I am up and doing stuff that I should not be doing lol
Don't look through the windows!
I ate my twin in the womb, and now I’m pregnant.
I’m On An Caving Expedition To Reach a Record Depth Underground. We Weren’t Expecting to Hear So Much Screaming
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (Finale)
I'm haunted by a ghost that is annoying (part 1 of mine and V's adventures) (our origin)
SysAutoGen- Archive transmitted
There were no windows on my train to Moscow.
Inception sleep paralysis
Repeat
CleverBot Knows The Future?
He died a week ago.. but I can remember his funeral a year ago.
I'm a resident in a nursing home. One of the PSWs here is the FUCKING DEVIL!
I figured out the real reason why my elderly neighbors had a new teenager help them carry in groceries each week.
I took a temp job on a tuna fishing boat, called "The Sunny Bee"
The world outside the quilt.
I work as a sleep analyst and I have some weird stories I need to tell
Hilft mir hier passieren seltsame Sachen in der Stadt die Straßen sind leer und ich fühle mich so allein in meiner Stadt war alles normal alls meine Lehrerin tot aufgefunden wurde ich hab gesehen bevor sie auf das Klo gegangen ist das sie aus dem Ohr blutete es ist eine Krankheit aĺe meine mit
The Dishwasher (Trigger Warning/NSFW)
omegle.com
Luigi's Homicide
A Stranger Offered Me My Greatest Desire in Exchange For One Small Task, I Accepted
RESPECT GRU
Floor 19: The Rot Market
P.A.N.E.  My first mission with P.A.N.E. Damn nearly killed me.
Working as an Aussie Bush Ranger: The Radiation Pit
I officially regret finding the Southwest Wing
Read my story, SUNKEFLINESTEIN.
This is my first time making a post for r/no sleep. If there’s any criticism please provide it.
I can't sleep anymore, not with it outside
Flesh Biters {Pt 1}
Everyone Thinks My Brother Is a Hero, but If You See Him, You Need to Run
What Comes For All
I don’t deserve to be a mother.
My Crawlspace is a Portal to Another Dimension
Woo
A Puzzle.
I’m Farmer Ray, and today I had to figure out how the mauled bear ended up on the roof of my barn
My Teddy Bear is not what I thought it would be.
The Problem with Lake Arrowhead
There was a sound, and then there was nothing.
Rule 34
My brother and I found a structure buried beneath our home
This country deserves to know what is going to happen to those people.
My neighborhood watchman always told me something lived behind my door. I found out what it was.
Connected dreams I've been having (True story)
My family is cursed because my mom played a ouija bord...
Tales from the void- a anthology based from 6 story's from nosleep, airing in 2021
I've built a tiny house in the wilderness, but something doesn't want me there
The darkness
I Found Out Why We Forget Our Dreams
Dentophobia - Fear of Dentists
The Dolls in Grandma's Attic
The Cure for COVID-19
Rules of the Post
&gt;&gt;*** SUPER AWESOME OFFER TO R/NOSLEEP REDDITORS !! CLICK TO READ MORE ***
I don’t know what to do
A boy disappeared and came back. But it wasn't him.
Always leave a light on
The Woman Behind The Door
I found the pages of a literary figure who committed suicide.
It won't go away.
Have you seen my girl? ...A Ghost hunter's tale
Clues, Coincidences, Curses, But No Conclusions.
There's a reason why although I was born in 1888, my tombstone hasn't been updated with my date of death.
Genuinely true story, unless I've lost my mind
Zone 13 of Area 51,part 1
Emotional Baggae
I am traveling with a possessed cat named Jenkins. It is searching for Madam Luna's crystal ball.
The weird kid from across the street where I grew up had an extremely unwholesome obsession
A quick game of Rock Paper Scissors
I did the elevator game and it went completely different from what I expected.
Its Watching Me...
How I Learned To Be Happy
I have a Stuffy nose
I was a child entertainer, until yesterday.
All the dogs in town started purring.
The Technicolor House
The Typo
High CountryMy middle school had its own variation of Bloody Mary, but she was real
The Horror Contained In The Basement
I know only one ghost
The Dinosaurs never went extinct.
I went on a road trip with creatures that claimed to be my cousins.
A cynic's fate
I am in love with the bittersweet, silent contemplation that comes with people watching.
Don't look back!
My birthday present
It Won't Stop
Started narrating the creepy pasta series "I'm a Search &amp; Rescue Officer"
TheScreamsTheTerribleScreams
I think Someone is living in my house
I was an officer called to the scene of a homicide. Something else happened and I'm back to share more. (Part 2)
Watch Out For Clicking in Your Walls
School blackout
TMJ
She's been watching this whole time.
Every night I crawl out of my bed and head to the abandoned cottage to save the world
I'm stuck on an endless train track!
Where's Jack's Thumb?!
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but the news won't cover it. Three is FAR from the magic number.
Diamond
The caves.
How a night out turned into a game of hide or be killed.
I used to work as a mall Santa, but one boy’s Christmas list made me quit.
"A Ukraine Adoption"
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
My mother's religious habits angered the ghosts haunting my room
A Drink with Death
I was an Airline Pilot for thirty years, and I have some stories to tell.
Stories from a security guard with a rather odd job. pt-1
Dear Sasha, Today I Married My Beloved Spacegirl
I've cut off more hands than the Marvel Cinematic Universe - 2 of 2
Can’t seem to figure out why this is happening
Story to make you crap your pants Pt 2
My boyfriend turned out to be a registered sex offender
Room 114: 90 Day Fiancé Has A New Spin-Off
Let's Play a Game, You and I.
I'm locked in Maplewood Shopping Center after dark.
I'm pretty my friend pissed off a ghost today.
im sorry
The Trunk at the Foot of the Stairs
The hotel I’m at doesn’t let me sleep.
Someone Is Impersonating Me Online with a Near Identical Copy of My Account
Musings on that sense of dread which is hard to verbalize and even harder to shake
I don't understand
Illuminati.EXE
A quaint little town in South India.
I bought two lousy invisibility cloaks and I want my money back
Colonial Plates
Do Not Break Your Streak, Please
Creature tells me the future
The Creepy Non-Existent Twin.
Vivid
We tested an Urban Legend in Boy Scouts but I wish we hadn’t
The Games We Play When You’re Not Home
I can see your future, Marissa Jackson.
KKK are a black supremacist group
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon Wildfires Part II
My Childhood Nightmare
I learned a very valuable lesson about Land Law after taking a Tinder date to the beach.
NOWE Semeru - Dream Music
‘My job is to capture to kill anomalies.’
The Cyst
I got a free laptop from a company called MindGroo. Now they are pressuring me into completing their user survey
We were stuck in construction traffic for eight hours. We finally found out what they were building. (Finale)
The fire is so pretty.
Past Lives
The car that drives by itself Horror story Part 1
A Lifetime Asleep
I am The Rain Man
I have Insomnia so I summoned The Sandman to help me sleep.
I got the app the my best friend’s been obsessing over and it will forever disturb me
I am trapped on the ocean floor with only so many hours left of oxygen.
The Boy On The Hill (part 2)
LEAKED Government memo details cover-up by Yukon Territory and RCMP Officials! REAL documents attached! Last names and locations removed to protect identities.
The Knocking Past 5.
I finally took down my Halloween decorations...
The Man in the Pines
Why I'll Never Go Ghost Hunting at a Shinto Shrine Again
Calls of the Castle (part 7, FINAL)
My old English tutor from high school cuddles me at night sometimes.
GRAVE ROBBERS
The Haunting
I think something is out to get me. You can be the judge of that.
My Paranormal experience with my mobile phone.
Indedeadnce Day Chapters 1 &amp; part of Chapter 2.
I Hope The Creatures Dont Find Me. (Part 2)
My Evil Storyteller
I have to fight the unkown
The Unforgettable Truth
I think I'm trapped in a sitcom
That's when she disappeared
I Made A New Friend To Play Catch With
Best no sleep stories/series! I've read all of them, and I wanna see if anyone has any other suggestions!
Weird things are happening since I first posted...
What lies Out There
I am in a neverending cycle.
I have a Guardian Angel
Comics of DEATH!!!
To the one who watches me sleep
Lost Shadow
A long time away...
Perhaps this Family Tradition Will not Live Past us, After All
empty chair and open curtains
A Red Trail Home
The Coffee from Hell
I'm a SWAT Officer who was called to deal with an incident at a middle school. But for some reason, we can't enter room 203.
I am not a killer (part 2)
Butterfly effect
I want to violently murder all of my friends. Reddit, AITA?
I visited my old childhood tree-house. (Part 4)
If you hear your neighbors screaming turn back NOW.
December 2019 contest nominations
Don't do jobs off the Deep Web
I've been gone for Four Hours. For me, it was 12 Years. (Part 2)
Creepy Discord Friend Request
The Window
Marco Polo
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something.
He wanted
I stubbed my toe
the very first time i had sleep paralysis and i was nightmarish..hopefully it will be the last(personal experience)
I'm an immortal, and I'm scared for my life.
I enter other peoples dreams when I sleep. An arenaceous being is now pursing me through your subconscious, please wake up!
My Sister’s Imaginary Friend Is Not Like It Seems
Rule list found at grandma's house *so scary*
My most terrifying hunt as a Cryptid Hunter
We Kidnapped A Girl For Ransom. I Still Regret It. PART 1
Hide and Seek - But There's A Twist - Part 2
May 2020 winners!
I offended a mall Santa and now his elves are after me
The reason i don't host or attend Halloween parties anymore.
The boat.
Bad kids get more than coal...
I am a Swedish policeman
cryptocurrency investment
Merry Christmas Mommy
Woke up too early
Photos of the Holiday Home
I’m an ex-Christian, but the thing I saw in the woods is making me question my faith.
Monster of the Woods
Tough Crowd
Crazy Clown in my Dad's Warehouse
No one remembers my brother, except me (Part 2)I bought an unusual tv
MY NIGHTMARE
Be weary, run if you see it
Innocent blood
Your delivery arrived!
I can't get out, not without you
I found out why we taste
I will never go deer hunting again
The Boy Disappeared into the forest...
The Magician's Secret
Her Name was Anna
I probably worry too much
September 2019 contest nominations
If you get this message while playing Roblox don't answer.
Our Secret
Should I be worried about my wife's puppet show?
My parents were monster hunters, recently something went wrong.
Happy New Year Part 1
I Found Something Horrific On A YouTube ASMR Channel
I've been hearing other voices in my echoes.
I escaped from a fantasy novel and what you all do here is sick.
When night comes my dog starts barking... At nothing
The Karhu Tappaja Part 2
DON'T BUY THE ACME CIGARETTES!
v a n t a b l a c k
The Corpse That Vanished and the Dead That Lived
Join FitBud!
Painless quick suicide
The thing in my apartment 2
I don't think my insurance covers this.
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right
The Mangled Spirits
The Girl In the Yellow Dress..
DON’T GO INTO THE LIGHT
The Oven
My friend gave me some glasses that had a myth behind them... Looks like it wasn't a myth afterall.
Never use the woodland trail.
A path, new shoes, a better me
I keep seeing golden lights in the blizzard
She doesn't know it yet
Normal Town
The Perfect Match
Something keeps showing up behind my classmate in our online meetings?
How is this thing getting into my house? Why can't I feel it when I sleep?
A mystery murder
The Cthulhu cults aren't crazy..
I'm not okay
My friends and I used a OUJIA board and did something wrong, and all of them disappeared 20 years ago. After all these years, its now come for me.
Animal Land 1
Dead Water
It's been a while since the trees started to bend.
One-one-eight
Help looking for a video
WHAT IS THE BACKROOMS
Flashlight Tag
Reference photos
There's a list of rules I had to follow at my new guard job.
Stranger in the Dark
This happened a few minutes ago and im still freaked out
The porcupine squeals at midnight
I'm a manager at an Escape Room, and I haven't been honest. (Part 3)
A meteor was supposed to hit the earth and kill us all. Two days ago.
"Ground control to Major Tom"
I can’t take it anymore, the sleep paralysis is too much.
What's the bad thing about being a pilot? Sometimes you can see death coming from miles away.
the dead are here in my room (true story)
I sell dead peoples clothes...
Waking up covered in blood.
He told me not to look in the backseat.
Why
First no sleep post, hope it’s good enough
Food for though
My Job is a Lot Different Than What You Might Think
Moviem, the completely free and safe streaming service!
It's My 10th Birthday Today!
Turtlenecks
My Crush turned into the monster that haunts me
I'm a PI. Something Weird's Been Happening In My Hometown (Part 11)
The Other Room
There's a church that meets at midnight
My Friends Disapeared on Retreat Day and No One Knows Why
There's a portal in the basement and I think I'm going to go through it.
Stay hydrated
The Spider Bite
Door Must Remain Closed at all Times. No Exceptions
I don’t want to go back to work tonight after what I just experienced
Help?-
Never go in the attic (pt 2)
Hellhound (Part One) By Mac McCormick
My local urban legend is real
I was Once a Graveyard Caretaker
Every Guy I Fall in Love with Dies
A werewolf story
It began with a recurring dream, in which I could watch myself sleeping
My Imagination is trying to kill me.... and I'm in Toronto
My girlfriend is a gore artist
Automatonophobia and how I got it
Love, Eternal: My telling of the most terrifying, contrapuntal, and delightful encounter of my life.
The lonely hiking trip, part 1.
Escaping the Trap of a Serial Killer in Backwoods Connecticut
How To Summon A Demon
Smokeface - Why I found thousands of human bones buried in my property.
A Perfect World Painted White
Have you any fear?
There’s a plane hovering over my lake and it’s driving my dog crazy. Can they do that? I thought that was just helicopters
Hallowed Ground ~ Part II
The woman of the hour
Bless This House
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules has appeared that I must follow forever.
Where is He?
Camp Wanahee (Part 5)
No
Never work the night shift
What was your "supernatural" experience that turned out to be "natural" after all.
The Man With The White Caravan
P.I.T. Book 2: Help wanted
I Should’ve Checked the Bridge (PART 1)
Cold Drop Of Blood
The Lone Trees At The End Of The Garden
Jacob
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won’t hear about it in the news. I probably could’ve stopped the whole thing if I’d just finished making my bed in time.
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is how he died
The Hotel Part 1
I found out why we have hiccups, it's not as innocent as you might think
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy. (Part 4)
Weird dream as a child
Good Morning, Sunshine
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, just told me about the only serial killer he ever pursued
My good friend.
My grandma used to say "We are attracted to those who look like us"
Something is Wrong With my Neighbouhood
I haven't slept..
It was not a disease.
There's A Serial Killer Aboard Humanity's First Colony Ship to Mars
I spoke to a man from the future, what I learned terrifies me.
Bad Things Happen To Good People
If You Have an Old Version of Snapchat, Don't Use the Filters
I had a weird experience with a stuffed doll.
Claire’s basement
My Spirits?
I accidentally summoned a gay demon and now he's ruining all my drag shows. Part 1.
Yesterday I found a disturbing web page
Sackhead Tate
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I’m dead. (Part 5)
I Played A Deep Web Game I Never Should Have, Now There Out To Get Me :) ♡
You Shouldn't Play With The Dead, If you don't know what you're doing. - A Necromancers Guide Volume 2
Visiting The Infinite Forest
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 3
I went on a walk on the woods...things turned south when I found a old set of instructions hidden in a tree
The Blue Man lore part 1
Little Witch and Jack O'Lantern
I fell asleep on a plane.
Scratch Scratch Scratch
Mole People Beneath NYC?
I Call My Father Every Christmas, This Year He Finally Called Me Back.
I'm on my 168th(?) game of pool
I've invented a machine that cures death, but the dimension I use to trade the dead for the living is starting to fight back...
My DEAD brother just paid me a visit
The Midnight Visitor
A Beautiful Man stole my leg last night...
Stories no one Wants to Read -
The River Spirit
almost all paranormal things happened in my life
Kirby Vacuum Salesmen
My Life Will Always Be hell. Part Two
I should have left the first time I heard the noises coming from the flat upstairs.
Diary Found in an Abandon Cellar
Assuming my math is correct, I’ve died three times tonight.
Late night shift
2 boddies,same person
ATTENTION ALL WALMART SHOPPERS!
Finding My true self (part 3)
I spent a week on the ocean floor. I'll never step foot in the sea again.
Death will never come.
Song of the Sea
The old man at the end of the path fixed
The Ravenwood Plaza
Down the raindrops fall
Don't sleep with a blindfold
As a Kid I had Hallucinations
I'm a Zookeeper. Something is Very Wrong With the Animals Here.
H u RrY.-
Went on 8th grade science trip in Sinai, walked away from the group and woke up in Saudi Arabia.
-.- .. .-.. .-.. - …. . -- .- .-.. .-.. … - . …- . -.
They thought they would cover me in piss and crap, well wait til' they see this crap...
My Friend Found Spiders In His Ear
Don't believe her. She's crazy.
Killer Clown Act-I: The Devil’s Circus
Whistleblow me
Roses
Just Another Liar - Note One
A distant relative left me their house. The House in Herne Forest. It's been a few days and this house definitely has secrets. (Part 3)
A monster is hiding in our house part 1
The Girl in the Pool
Last night I let my dog out, but something else came in.
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Frost Bites
If you see Santa at the mall. Run away!
Some slippers aren't all they're cracked up to be
Immortal torment
Mice in the Walls
The Burned Photo
The day I became a inside kid
I work at a pawn-shop in an English village. I leave. I die. (Part 1)
Be Glad Your On Land And Not At Sea
Campus Visit
We Raided the Wrong Tomb: Part 2
Sleep texting
The blood man
They are here and you haven't noticed.
Art Imitates Life - Second Half
Part 3: I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I found something in the basement tunnels..
Gone and Forgotten
The Family Campout A GO TO SLEEP STORY
Haunted Airport
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (part 2)
fish
What I found in the Cliffs
Always Get a Taxi.
Buy Real Google Reviews
What is your scariest memory of your childhood?
Childhood Love
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 13)
In high school, I dated a girl that could see spirits. Here’s why I believed her.
I Think My Apartment Is Haunted - Please Help Me
Sad News About Tamar Braxton
Loads of people have imaginary friends. Mine were just a bit more... real.
The muffins from my shop are luxury items for the rich. Midnight blueberry can cure cancer.
This is the scariest thing you will ever read
I Have a Hole in My Stomach
Thank God It's Friday
Run little prey, run
We had to make up scary stories to tell in class. One stood out from the rest..
It's not true that the Bible must not be interpreted and it's not true that it must all be interpreted literally
The Faceless
Update: There is something crawling on my roof every night at 4:33 am
Abandoned Psychiatric Hospital
I was trying to play music on my Alexa at night.
I heard/saw my grandma saying what she always called me
So recently, I see dreams as reality, and I have been dreaming my life
The Devil Collects
My Girlfriend Seemed to Wear a Mask. Now I Know Why.
Gay
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave. (Part 2)
My stepmother trapped me inside a music box when I was 9. For the first time in over 20 years, I’ve found a way to make contact with the outside world. (Final)
Lizzie
There's Something In My Apartment, and It's Getting Worse (Part 2)
I Found Something That Doesn't Belong in My House
The night I accepted my own death
I'll See You Soon, But Not Soon Enough
No-Brainer
Don’t worry
the latest and greatest advance in technology
Sanboxers EP1
There are no serial killers in the Philippines because I clean up the bodies.
My Artificial Heart
I'm a Police Officer and this Emotionally Disturbed Person call may be my last
From the depths
My friend is sent me a text, but she's been missing since 2013
A student left this on my desk
My Friend went missing a week ago but I’ve been getting texts from her as if she’s not
I think the stories about the woods I live in are true
The Space Mountain Silence
I think we ate my dead brother when I was a kid
First day back at work after quarantine
The tall man
kind of bird with human hand head and legs
I willed my turd nephew a bar when I died. The only thing I hated more than that miserable bar was that rotten ass kid...
Maybe it's schizophrenia
His story is insane but I think I believe him.
That God Awful Buzzing
looking for Adventures (bored and up for everything)
Something otherworldly opened up in the crack of the Earth...
Searching for Author Meat
I Teach A Kindergarten Class Of Little Monsters
Long cuts
EXPLORING WITH ISAAC
Me and my girlfriend stalked on our mini getaway?
There's Something in my Windows
My Best Friends Peculiar Abilty.
story: The time I was on the school bus and the bus driver killed another teacher. (ON HIS FIRST DAY). *Was also his last day*
That's Not My Teacher, That's An 'It' Part 2
Sometimes I think a little.
Very creepy cartoons, and theories based around it.
The Locked Room.
Barry and I Should've Kept Using It
The green
They somehow found me out
You shouldn’t be here
To Covet Blood
My new Mattress smelled like flowers
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty. (FINALE)
My Diabolical Self | Part 8: Arthen
The Woods of Alaska
NAME: Polly MacKinnon / DATE: 07-19-20 / LOCATION: Lander 113
My apartment had 12 rules that I need to follow to stay alive (Part 1)
I found a very strange babysitting service.
I was Alone in a Room During a Lockdown, then there was a Little Girl with me.
&lt;3 Valentines for Veronica &lt;3
The hospital room
I need a slave to be owned personally by me
Nba suspended after Rudy Gobert
Four Pages (Part Two)
Curse of the Werereaper
The reason why my cat was always staring at the wall
Fags took down my post
I turn people to stone
I've been haunted by shadows my whole life, but I think I've found a way to stop them
The Black Widow and Her Barflies
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room..I dont think it's a shadow..
Grandmamas Lovely Biscuits.
Noticed in Committing
Into the Trees
10 hours, 5 chances
I was going to class, then they disappearedCalls of the Castle (part 3)
REDACTED Files: The Gray
All Will be Silent
The Monster Benith My Bed
All I had to do was ignore his messages
There is no escape from this cult. Not even death is an escape.
An Unlikely Haunting
I like to go out for night-time drives, but that might have been a mistake.
innocent but eerie ouija experience but something REALLY weird happened right after
Why I'm not a nurse anymore
Diary Found in an Abandoned Cellar
Reddit is too toxic, Im leaving
I Never Got the Whole Story
Maternity Row: Pregnant Virgin Seeks Advice (reposted w/permission)
Now your alone.
There is something in my walls.
Howler Station
Mr Molester
The Backroads Part 2
What lurks by the Chernobyl nuclear power plant
I Have A Fear Of ATV's
Darkness is for sleeping, right?
The Other Side: Song of the Sea Final
The Tape (Part One)
Don't leave your laundry out at night
Something surreal happened at dinner last night. I don't think my life will ever be the same now.
The mirror
Former Gang Stalking Private Security Spills on Program!
I inherited a Wild West model town. We caught a train to nowhere.
1 week is all it took for what man made to fall apart
My baby is an angel, why won’t he fly for me?
My skin is coming off in sheets
Last night something happened that I can't explain.
Escaping The Apex
Teen challenge...
Hello, I am prisoner 5017. But i am not human, none of us are.
There's Something Sinister About the Fourth of July
In from the cold
Paranormal experience
Wheres your safe place? Mines a place almost Everybody Dreads.!
I think I'm having a psychotic episode.
There's Something in the Forest
She doesn’t like people going in there.
I'm an elevator repairman. Rule #4 - Don't try to save yourself
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying. Pt 3: update, 1989, 2001
The disturbing truth behind the deaths in the campus
I, The Nightmare
I made a program that decides who lives and who dies
Me and my friends were walking through a tunnel—
My stalker is in my house pt.2
I'm never falling asleep on the train again
Google query: "How to die without killing yourself?"  PART 1
My sister: Journal entries PT 1/?
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (part 1)I made a deal with the devil to bring my family back. But it still ended up in the same way. IN FLAMES
I Went Out Looking For the DJ From "The Rules of the Road".
I was given a creepy set of rules on my new job as a morgue night guard -Part 1
I was stationed in Auschwitz, and I know something they don't teach you in history books.
The shadowy laugher man in the forest
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago PART @
An old game of mine is talking...but the batteries died years ago.
An Uninvited Guest
Diffusion en direct de SOUNGS &amp; RELAXATION
Test
THE IMITATION MAN
The Death of Jacob's Well
I’ve been stuck replaying the same day for over a year and i think i need to ask for help.
I thought I had woken up in hell but it was much worse.
Is it possible for a neighbour to have dug an underground tunnel to my basement?
No longer human
The Exorcise Bike
My mom came back.
Look Away
Observations from an Agoraphobic: I saw something terrifying enough to make me open the door.
The Parasite
Someone helped me start to overcome depression
How to Survive Camping - it's official: I don't like kids
Frogs be like
My Son has been acting strange lately
I'm a farmer from the Australian Outback, and I have a few stories to tell.
what will you do when there's blood in the water?
You're not afraid right?
The street light that flickers at 5am every night
I think my neighbors are sick part 3 (King County)
There's been an Ill Wind Over Dames Point and Now I Know Why
The Devil came for me when I was a boy, and I'm afraid he's come back to finish what he started
The doll
Veggur, he who end stories.
Parents, Don’t Take Your Children To Indoor Playgrounds
(1) I work at a grocery store.
My parents don't let me go outside after 7:00 now i know why...I keep hearing someone knocking on my door.
I was given this journal and instructions to “share it with the world” and honestly, I can’t even comprehend some of this...
Psychic Automatism
PredictMag: Mr. Fortune Teller makes his quarterly predictions
The things in the trees won’t leave me alone
The Truth Behind AirPods Pt 1
Who is She?
A Terrible Accident
Need Help Finding a Story Name &amp; Podcast Episode
I work for a diner. Last night I finally got to go inside.
The lone dark road
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 5
The Depression Project
Cresent Moon (The first of my many stories)
Under the Bed
Frame - Sour Mash
You Have 5 Seconds to Run.
I found myself in the woods behind my home.
My Diabolical Self • Part 16: Farrell Shard
Scary guy in woods
Read this!!!!
Snow Covered Woods
There It Stands
door to no-where
I'm a cop and was bored one night, so I looked through old police reports and found one that is very interesting. They called it "The Doomsday Report."
I woke up and was the only person left on the planet
I think my mom is planning to kill me on my eighteenth birthday (Part 1)
Unexplainable events vacationing in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Georgia.
He makes me feel.
You won't remember this when it counts
My friend's mom raped me at a sleepover
The One Who Watches
My Experience at Skinwalker Cabin. Part 2.
A story from Church Camp this one summer
Spring Creek holiday park: where I resided with my stoner boyfriend and my cat in a 10ft Bedford bus for 4 years.
I’m trapped in a bunker with a malevolent AI. I must pass 3 trials to be set free. (Part 2)
A Cold Valentine’s
My wife doesn't speak to me anymore
I was sent a strange video the other day.
The man I saw in the janitors closet.
I remember it so vividly.
It's not a deer.
HoneyI've discovered the dark, horrifying truth about beans.
AWOKEN - New Official Trailer (2020)
I'm a US Park Ranger at Yosemite National Park. A few days ago something terrifying happened.
I thought of my father as a monster. Turns out, The monster wasn't him. (Part One)
The walker.
It started with the sound of a child coughing.
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it
I run a cursed images website, the recent submissions are scaring me
Two years ago my friends where taken by the Fae, now I’m coming for my revenge: The king of Hell.
How i kill myself?????
I think we're alone now
Something you may want to know about your Future.
I met the voice in your head that tells you to do bad things.
Beneath the Floorboards
Need help finding a story about a key that could unlock any door
I work at Area 51, and we are in trouble. PART 1
Dare to disturb the moor!?
I Had So Many Clues But Didn’t Take Them...
What the chuck e cheese animatronics do when the curtains close
There's a storm over our town episode 1
I am a coroner and this is by far my worst case.
I didnt find something. Something found me.
URGENT - please message me if you know about Eldrock Root
Mirrors are not toys.
my stomach has a mouth
They want you to see
Watch Free Movies &amp; TV Series Online
I don't like my daughter's new toy. (2)
I'd like to apologize for something I posted here earlier.
He wanted you to see this, whoever you are
The train I'm on just broke down in another dimension.
I pissed off a r/nosleep mod and now my life is RUINED
I Am Being Stalked by Someone on The Dark Web.
A Whispering Gallery
This is a warning.
Kid killer or deadly dream?
AITA for "stealing" stories from r/nosleep authors?
Honoka
The Num Num Casket
I volunteered to sit next to a dead man on a plane, and deeply regret it.
He sees, He knows
If it's raining outside and it doesn't make a sound, don't go outside. Don't walk into the light. And most importantly, don't let the door shut behind you.
At The Door
Please Do Not Search This
My cousin freind might be in danger
I'm fourteen and my family has a stalker. (true)(ongoing)
I was recruited to work on an A.I, it knows more than we intended it to.
Ive been in a time loop, For years.
The Virus took EVERYTHING from me
Need help finding a story
Witch at the crosswalk
All my life a choir has sang at my most important moments. Now, I know i'm not the only one.
When Dad asked if I wanted to go hunting, I thought he meant for deer.
Don't run when you hear the Sirens.
I've been looking East for 27 days straight.
I'm an EMT and I just had the most terrifying call ever
There's Something in the HVAC
My Uncontrollable Bloodlust
Have you ever wondered if there is multiple realities? I know and they are - He found me
Mr. Wiggleman
Something is wrong with my electronic devices.
I Met a Celestial Being
Tales from Hawkins: Her name is Catherine
I am translating the lost logs and letters of a 16th century explorer. They may be beginning to mess with me
A 'Skunk' Messaged Me On Discord.. DO NOT FRIEND HIM
I frown when I climax
It all started with the dream (part 1)
What lies beneath the surface
I think my grandmother might be a drug dealer...
I named him Don
I've been receiving weird messages for a week now. Today it escalated and I think I'm in serious danger.
I work at NASA. We have never made alien contact.
Fear
Don't Use Krest Whitestrips
I know the secret to immortality
I have one bullet, and no idea what it’s for.
"Soulless Ones"
The Man In The Woods (PART 2)
The Concierge
The thing wearing the shell of my mum
I’m an inmate at a Superhuman Prison, my cell mate is tortured every day pt 1
Demonic Pacts (Part 6)
The truth about reoccurring nightmares.
Your biggest fan
Who’s the child living in the 2nd Floor?
Check out and share some AMAZING photography content only on Redbubble!
My Mother's Love
My aunt's diary (part 1).
after rape and gaslighting then therapy
My friend's story about the theme park he used to work at.
We’ll be back in a minute
The jungle I was stuck in has some unpleasant secrets, and some memories I'd rather forget.
I don't like my daughter's new toy.
Killer Clown Act-2: The League Of Clowns
Don't Stare at a Mirror in the Dark
A US Veteran Stopped a Mass Shooting while almost being killed in the process and was vilified for it.
If You Get A Call From An Unknown Caller Late at Night While Driving, Follow This "Rule of The Road"
Ghost Blow Lamp
Beans
Day:1 of the infection
In The Mind Of A Killer
A rainy night I'll never forget.
The Smiling Stalker
The meds don't work, and they never will.
The Man from the Past.
THE REBELLION
Sheep's Clothing (Part 1)
Flashbacks of 78’
I moved to my hometown and has since started to gain old memories I don't remember having but I feel like they are mine
If you see a youtube comment asking wanna play? Do not respond.
It lurks in the alleyway (Part 1)
I contracted a disease...I don't think it's the Coronavirus- Part II (Final)
My fun trip to the hospital
The cemetery wouldn't let me leave.
They said my friends are not real
Heaven: A Warning
A warning if you are about to hike the Frozen Wolf Monument.
Disembodied voices and alien visit
The Things in the Woods Attacked my Town (Part 1)
My creepy neighbor just got creepier.
I returned home for a jacket, I found something very bad.
The curiosity of mars
Who the hell slept beside me?
FUCK NO SLEEP THREAD!
Some days I am dead.
The Wasps.
Summer Dream
The Daily Grind
My “ friendly “ demon Jeffrey ( real story)
I came back home, after many years, and when I did, everything had changed.
I'm Not Myself These Days
I Took a Night Watchmen Job at My Local Mall, I Wish I Hadn't
Furry Freddy
When i was 6 i used to sleep walk, but it was no ordinary one
Stop When the Red Lights Flash
There's an active shooter in the building
I found something terrifying and unexplainable while hunting a couple weeks ago
I protect the Torch of Human Consciousness, but I am close to the point of death. Help us, please.
Heavy Metal Was My Life (Part 3)
Update #3
A couple hired me to baby sit their dead baby girl
Immortality has a price
My dad just burst into my room or at least I hope it was him...
New Year's Brew (Part 2)
The old man and his red eyed cat.
Best hacking recommendation
I heard strange noises outside and inside, now I’m playing some sick game.
three o four
The Wither - Part (1/?)
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but there are some unusual rules. (Part 2) Q&amp;A
My Friend Albert
Happy Thanksgiving, here's a sleep demon.
I witnessed a suicide when i was a kid. I don't know what it is anymore
I think I had a childhood stalker!!!
My Name Is Eddie And I Didn't Mean To Let The Monster Out. Can You Find It In Your Heart To Forgive Me?
The chAIr
Pricolici
Never break a long-standing family tradition, especially the odd ones.
Mona Lisa
My twin brother and I are hunters. The Spidereater was like my third parent.
I am looking for two more people after I've murdered three other people!
RDW Urban Legend 1 - Apple Joe
NECROMANCY – PATIENT RECORD CL2315615
Natalie
I’ve Been Assigned To Kill Evil People
The Revival
My door becomes a darker shade of gray every day. I think it's a countdown to the day I die. The day it turns black is the day I die. It turned black today..
Cranky Craig-The serial killer of the neighborhood named Denleigh- Part 1 Officer Padley's case.
A few months back, they decided to release the “news.”
Please Kill Me
My advent calendar isn’t counting down to Christmas Part 2
THE LADY BASTARD
this video will leave u awake for the rest of the night
There's an old wives tale
The story of my recurring childhood dreams
Room 24/7
My Creepiest Cases as a Private Investigator- Shelley Morton
Stalker on Snapchat?
We lost our mother during the South LA Riots of 92. This is the haunting account of everything we overcame to bring her back.- Part 4.
Operation White Crow
Bailey's Here (Part 2)
my reflection isn't me
The Knocking At 5:01 AM.
I Found A Real Genie, Now I'm Cursed.
Welcome Home, Honey
I have been locked in my closet for like a week and living off of cheettos...
Forest in Hell
There Is A 3rd Stage to The Backrooms
I still investigate the Occult: Julie and the Husk
The orange of the street lamps did not so much shine as they did bleed through the foggy haze of that mid-winter morn.
Have you ever met an angel?
I inherited a house from my great-uncle, but something doesn't seem right. Part 3
Room 260: Mr. Bear (Part 1)
Four Pages
I cam home to a surprise
Please read this. I can't promise I'm not crazy. But I just want to help. (Part 5)
The Debt Collection
The Lady in The Wall
Is my friend the next Jeffrey dahmer or is he just extremely morbidly curious?
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here UPDATE 3
I didnt think a rapture was possible
Found in my Google Docs
The Rapture in my head
There’s something wrong with my soul
They kept me for two years
My Horrifying Dream
There's something wrong with the prosthetics.
I got a job as night security on a train. The train rules are deeply disturbing
Abyss
Satan isn’t evil, but rather tortured.
I Was Legally Dead for Four Minutes. There is No Heaven. There is No Hell. We Are Hunted for Eternity by Monsters.
I was Rear Ended by a Murderer; I Took my Body Back
I had a Déjà vu. After that it started to happen more frequently.
The Left Right Game has been made into a podcast!
The Coffee Shop Fortune Teller
And Now The Kids Won't Stop Screaming
Someone Is In My Closet
The Sound Of Silence
Top notch writing
I’ve got some skeletons in my closet
I'm 16, but my first kiss was with a 74-year-old woman
Amnesia
Someone who stole my stories turned out to be stalking me.
Needle and Thread (part 2)
Lost then Found, yet Forgotten?
My Friend Saw Me In The Forest, But It Wasn't Me.
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 6.
Don't go on night walks.
Door dash horror story
A flame demon
A lil story my best friend told me (crosspost, also to find in r/Creepystories)
We’re Interrupting Your Scheduled Programming To Bring You This - Part One
I discovered a log regarding an attempt to create a kind of bio-weapon for German Soldiers in WWII
My new sixth form has a few... questionable rules.
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar. Part 2.I'm dying from an illness no one can explain
The Mill Dam Monster
I was born to carve lines into the sand
Assaulted and Abducted in China
My Strange life
I think I'm a Serial Killer: The voices know how I did it
I am dreaming the same disturbing thing over and over again.
What did I see in the houses rot?
The shadows under our feet
I Used to Work as a Security Guard for a Museum Exhibit
There is something wrong with my new apartment.
This is the story of a girl named Abby Sosa
The illegal horse farm my father stumbled across.
I Know I'm Hard to Stomach, But We Need to Move &amp; Get Out of Here -
The Cadacus
All I ask is that you read this. I need answers.
I'm in the middle of a school shooting, but something isn't right.
Update: I didn't mean to . . . I was just playing and it went off. Help me fix my daddy?
it rained today and something came with it.
My little brother loves swings
My Lucky Skateboard
I will NEVER ride in the woods alone again
My Job is to Guard the Cave by the Edge of Town (Part 1)
Under The Pillow
Well, shit. Sometimes guns just won't do the trick.
New stories
If I Ever Believed in Logic, That Belief is Gone {2}
A few days ago, I received a List of Rules. Now I am trapped here.
I'm a psychiatric doctor in the US Navy, and I received a strange letter from a colleague in Iraq
The Routine
To keep my son safe I prayed to anyone that would listen. His new guardian angel makes me wish I hadn’t
Advice on meeting your heroes?
I used to be a Pizza Delivery Driver, now I'm on the run. (Part 2)
Realization
It knows where I am
Corky
THE DAY MY FRIEND LEFT MY LIFE FELL APART
I Hope He Never Forgets Tonight and Warns His Friends
The man with the wicked hazel eyesClowns of 2016
Encounter of Evil (Part 1)
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world.
Arachnophobia (part 2)
I believe my mom had an encounter with a skin walker. Something sinister and evil.
I saw my first UFO, but I don’t think it was an alien spacecraft.
Im a reaper and, for the first time, someone really cheated death
Do Not Drive On Christopher Road
I Used To Be The Head of Security At A Soviet Medical Research Facility
Devil's Trumpet
You're Not Human. I Grew Up Underground.
Beware of Homes with a Death Smell...and Too Many Weeds.
My son's video game addiction killed people.
Our Leaders are Sacrificing Us to an Evil God
The Smile: Chapter 1
The Morphos Were Talking: Part One
Seance with the President
I wish I never tried Lucid Dreaming…
If a service dog comes up to you without its owner, follow it!
“How would it feel to loose something you loved?”
The Last Confession
I have $1.5mil to spend on a suicide method. Please help me die.
insomnia solution
Is this some sorta spy thing. Why did this happen?!?
My Prison In The Mountains
I Received A Letter From My Dead Best Friend
SOVINALIA (part one)
I think I’m losing my fucking mind?
Project: CRYCLE Chapter 1
Just George... True Story
Have you ever had any kind of strange occurence while using a radio or any other kind of radio?
What Needs Be Done
My midnight visitor of the past is back to haunt me again
My weird dreams
Maybe I do hear that?
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - FINAL
I found my mass murdering Uncle's survival guide, and I'm not sure what to do.
My father walked on a Native American burial ground.
"I Keep Hearing Crying Outside?"
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, I don’t know if I want to go back to that house yet. The little girl scares me.
The Man In The Camera
The Darkwater Chronicle - Madness and Murder in Old Jamestown!
Too much weather (non-horror)
The man I'm interviewing just died on camera.
I thought that the Black Eyed Children were just an urban legend. Until I met one
Doctor Scratch's Museum of Pain
Easter Morning
I never existed
Hey friends, so I wrote this lil horror story based of the thesis of my compilation of about three other pieces of writing.
My last hit got a little too personal
My Next Door Neighbor
Lisa won't let me sleep. Tuesday.
What Was In There?
I’m an electrician and I’m afraid my curiosity is gonna be the death of me (part 2)
So....
Whistle at the window
I can’t explain what I saw on the trail one summer evening
Somebody Will Die Where I Will Live
Something accidentally let itself get caught on film - now I'm paying the price for noticing.
Slugs have cheese grater mouths
Payed A Visit To My Grandparent's And Almost Got Killed By A Wendigo
Seniorum
Digging Straight Down (Part 1)
Meat
I had some car trouble.
The man who watched the bus. Pt1
What do they want! Part 3 of i saw them i swear
Philippines Cries for help (CALL FOR DONATIONS)
I'm a member of a security task-force. I've been sent on a mission I can't explain.
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 3)
I was on a hike in Oregon, I Witnessed Something Terrifying
The day the siren rang part 3
There's Something In My House
Avoid the Abandoned Buses of Camp Cho-Yeh
It's been 9 hours since she went missing.
The hallway
The Curse Of Ushi No Toki Mairi - 7 Days Ago I Turned 29, I Pray I Never...
Between Life and—
I Sent Them There to Die, and They Brought Me Along (Pt. 4)
Its started because of him
My tree
A Story About the Boy Who Sees Things
Shut down Project-033NI immediately
Ghost orb thing
Congratulations!
I’m an architect that works in renovation. Our buildings remember.
Stop
The Black Man
Do not summon her
I met my evil doppleganger in a dream while searching for an angel
Do you?
I stole from my blind grandmother and used the money to hire a prostitute.
We Should All Fear The Old Horns ( not mine)
My trip to Argentina
Snapchat (scary story)
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I'm dead. (Part 6, Finale)
For whom the bell tolls
So, I lost my job and started going back to punk shows. Unfortunately, it seems like my local venue is infected with Anarcho-Capitalist Crust Punk Vampires.
My strange encounter with my ex. (Re-upload)
I Encountered Siren Head
Delussions?
scary sleep experience
Tell me a Story - A Really dumb kid and his equally stupid family PT2 Conclusion
I can feel energy's and I don't know what to do anymore
We love what we love.
I'm scared of elevators.
5 golden rings just turned up in Angel Hills (part 5)
Important Documents are missing, now I might be finding myself dragged back into the Abyss of the Supernatural world again. Part 1
The dog...
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar. Part 3.
20 minutes more and I'm gonna live
The Log. (Part 1)
I took a job at an abandoned convenient store, I found a list of unsettling rules...
Frost
Secret
Dark Room
Little Rosie, a 4-year-old student of mine keeps recounting forbidden knowledge and telling other children the horrific events that their future inevitably entails.
I’ll Never lPlay Minecraft Again
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 4)
I have no where else to put a real thing that happened to me. But this’ll work.
Ever feel like you met your soulmate but only to mess it up and left in a empty existence?
My boyfriend can't see his demons, but I can.
The Houston Files Hoax or fact IX
The object Nana left me when she died wasn’t meant to be a gift.
I know what happens if you stay dead for seventy-two hours
Bad Rabbit
american slasher
I saw them i swear...
The deafening sound that made me what I am and probably always will be now
Critical
Victim of Angels
I Request your help!
Romanov’s Revenge
The Plague Doctor
the dentist has weird rules
Took a wrong job offer - need help recovering from identity theft
I shouldn't have looked out my window last night
I thought it was a regular sandstorm, it wasn't.
Click here to end simulation #115516518
Semolina
I Made A Deal With A Homeless Man. I’m Starting To Think He Might Have Been The Devil.
Please help me I've lost 12 hours - what am I missing?
My grandfather witnessed a shapeshifter
War is Hell
Anyone have any scary experiences that I could make a video about?
My church is convinced I'm Jesus Christ. Now, they'd like me to die for their sins.
I live alone in the woods. The other day I woke up to find my outdoor grill left on, with meat sizzling on it. And the meat just smelled so good. (Part 1)
The stalker
Thank you for your cooperation.
The disturbing true history of animal-human hybrid experiments in the late nineties and early 21st century up, and the controversial scientist at the center of it.
The Silencer
As Still as a bird, as quiet as a mouse...
The End of the World began with the Perfect Crime
American Pie, Floor 7.5, and the Fetus of Despair
The Ring Collector
Why I'll Never Use An Ouija Board Ever Again
Helena
The Asylum
What it means to be a man
There’s a woman who keeps following me in my dreams
Parents
Grandma Forgot
I am babysitting for a client with some disturbing rules. I thought they were all fake until something happened...
Super. Hot.
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Fresh air is fine, but who's fingers are those?
The Mirror Men
My Family Has a History of Abductions
sleep paralysis part one
Something was there
There's an Outbreak Within My Town
My brother went missing in the woods behind my house, and it has crushed my soul.
Daniel Spears
I'm not who you think I am...
Laura Jean
Why one should fear the bigfoot
Down the abandoned sewer tunnel
"I Have a Phobia of Developing New Phobias"... (Who Visits a Grave on Halloween Part 3)
"I'm watching..."Salt the Earth (a short story)
My family recieved the most disturbing call
Urgent
I don't think I'll go hunting anymore
Please help, possible sex trafficking?
The Children of the Library.
There's a locked door in my new apartment
Stay away from the dark web
An odd pair of children would visit my daughter's two-story window every night
We lost our friend (read the story)
Always check the batteries in your Smoke Detector.
I'm Staying With My Aunt Who I've Never Met Before And I Can't Leave
All Rats Go to Hell
They Tell Me He’s Not Dead
Everybody hates my couch.
This town has a secret and it's bound in flesh
Read a really creepy fanfiction
It's happening, and I'm typing this as a warning.
I’m a dentist for monsters. A friend in need’s a friend indeed but a friend who’ll bleed is better.
She said it was ok
test, don’t ban me for this nor approve it. thanks
case_file_7.01
Part Two:Up in Flames
The Cruise was a Terrible Idea (pt1)
I might die tomorrow, but I will leave the truth about my school behind
Hiding from the hounds
There’s Something Wrong in This City..
What's in my closet....?
A sinkhole opened up on my farm, something keeps coming out of it
Facing my Fears.
I've been listening in through Siri to a cult leader
My Neighbor, The Horder
9:26 Part 1
There's a demon living in my closet
Order # 0004
My old body is possessed by another being
Only the Good Die Young
HORROR BENEATH THE WHITECAPS
NoSleep Interview with Theworldisgrim!
The Counting Man: The Choice
Postcards to My Wife
phone charger
I'm praying that this man is trolling me
Aliens are Real, But They Are Not What You Think
Hi Hi Hi
I found a deer bone in an abandon lot
Everyone in my office has gone crazy and started murdering each other.
Liar
Series: My 10 Year Stalker: Her Sidekick
He Can't Do Faces (Part 1)
The Mirror Killer
My girlfriend is a fire artist now, and I didn’t know she was taking it so seriously.
I know what you’ve been through. If I know, “the others” know too, and they can find you.
2 Nights At Camp But We Weren’t Alone Part 1
How to Survive Camping - my brother is not my brotherAn Excerpt from the Diary of Mr. Viktor Manner
The Knocks At My Window
Where can I see all the scary stories because all I see is announcements
My dad had cut his hair even though he loves it
My Dream journal
I think I'm a schizophrenic
NoSleep. MissingDad_Error
Miles Part 1.
Meaning of life
Surveillance Camera Show Sport Coach Disarmed The Student
BabyShoes; Neverworn
pandemic or common could
I'm home alone for a week with a ghost.
Have you ever tried listening to the rain while you sleep?
Something posses the children in my neighborhood and uses them as puppets.
Missing Person
I Sold My Truck For Scrap, and Someone Died As A Result
How my Cousin Became a real ‘Werewolf’
Survival
I got a creepy voice mail
Murphy is my Best Friend
The yule-tide closes in.
I saw a ghost in the graveyard
I live through the final days of others.
Sleeping in the Floor
The Bizzare things from 55 Gypsy Ln,Berkley,California .Enter Karem
Everyone in my dorm is dying
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (Pt. 3)
House of Dolls
All of Them Witches: Sorcerer (Part Five)
Hey guys lets watch phineas and ferb
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Part 4.
Time
Oppenheimer’s Revenge: Explanation + Chapter 1-3
Please help
The Last Time I Ever Went Camping With ”Friends”.
I thought I was...
ANOCHECER III
Inunaki Mura - The Abandoned Howling Village of Rural Japan. Part 2.
I stole a gift meant for the dead and gave it to my sister. Something came to claim it back.
I figured out what eye floaters are. You don't want to know...
Makiko
Doll face
Do Not Be Afraid - The Tales of Father Francis
My phone kept on running out of charge
Dad's Basement
My plane keeps crashing and I can't stop it. Part One.
Being an agoraphobic is tough. I went to extreme measures to cure myself.
When I Met Her She Wore A Red Kimono... When She Showed Up After Her Funeral She Wore Black (Part 1)
clean trail of blood
I Can't Stop Getting into Car Crashes. It's Cost Me Everything.
Don’ t Play in The Dark End of the Street
Something Is Going On In the Warrens
The local pound I work for has a basement, what’s in it is terrifying.
Something is wrong with your grandma
I am a Warner and I can't escape it.
Some traditions are meant to die. The Wayne family tradition lived too long.
Everything Will Be OK
Ghosts under the bridge
Something in the Water
NEED HELP. GHOST IN THE CARS MIRROR. with pictures.
I resurrected my dad using the workman's charm. Things went horribly wrong.
Why I Quit Home Security
The little boy with no eyes
Why I Refuse to Miss Sleep
I think there's something off about this rental house
The grey house I pass everyday
Abyss Of The Mind (Part 2)
My cousin the taxidermist
What Washed Ashore: Part 1
I’m writing this because I don't know how much time I have left
I think I Married Satan (part three)You Hear All The Gossip While Working The Graveyard Shift At Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline.
The Man: Scary Dreams Part 1
The Wind Speaks
The Troll Eaters
My friends and I went to a remote village for our Social Studies research. We shouldn't have come.
Sometimes Old Ladies See Dead People - Part 2
WorldCorp enterprises returns?
My sister was acting suspicious, now I know why
My night terror "demon" followed me into reality
My Stay At The Ceader Creek Mental Institution
The Ceremony (1400-word horror story)
The funnest trampoline in the world is a death trap
A Fool Was I, to Let the Wolf In
Something got in
I just read "tominos Hell" out loud...
I know my father is keeping a terrible secret from us. I intend to find out what it is.
Good Sleeps
I'm a serial killer, and I think I'm depressed
There was someone in my shower
Almost got away with it too
The Specimen Is Free
I’m a World War II historian. This is when I finished the job.
The knock at the door
Inside Job
I went to a funeral today.
Sky turtle tours ch5: Colorado
These Are The Rules of the Windmill
The Laundromat
A Married Couple Resided on a House nearby a Forest After their Daughter's Death.
I survived Canada's scariest corn-maze.
(It wasn’t us ) part 2
I thought it was just a spoof caller.
Random little short I wrote a while back.
The End of RiversRound
Psychedelic. Snapchat... P_trips420
There's a man at the end of Castle Drive...Don't look for him
Houska Castle (part 1)
I fuod this old diary in the woods...
"Hello..?"
The hospital I was in had a cat that comforted the patients that were close to death
I woke up to screaming, What I saw has scarred me for life
Where are you? I'm so cold
I took care of a posseded cat
It eats you : first host
It was just the cat...
I can't handle this anymore...
Where Snow Doesn't Fall
I was a paranormal investigator. This is the case that made me quit.
I had a small roll in a cult horror movie years ago, and now it's coming back to haunt me
a ritual
hey re upload
There is something weird going on at the hospital I work at. Part 1.
Dr. Donald's YouTube Channel
Innocent Minds (I)
The Corpse Arena.
My Twin Died but Our Connection Didn't (Part 3/3)
The enigma of Roger Roundhead and the Trashmen
My Secret Santa Sent Me Something Strange.
A Late Night at a Huge-Ass Park
Snow Angels are illegal where I live.
There's a locked door in my new apartment My Album of the Year: Bells of Steel by Spake
Instruction Manual For Comfort And Safety
😱
My Secrets
State of Survival. Chapter 1
At The End Of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Four)
Legends
Shouldn't have given her the drink...
I inherited my stepdad's parrot and it's driving me crazy.
The Shadow Stealers are really messing up the vibe of my night cleaning job.
Don't raise your hand in class. Please .
Patient 18
A tiny Starbucks in a tiny provincial town
I Love Numbers
STARVING DOG
QD: Employee of the Month - Entry #17
From the Speed Queen Laundromat, 3
I Thought Survival Lists Were Ridiculous Until I Was Chosen (Part 3)
Frame - The Gift
THE MAN BESIDE MY BED
They Sold Packaged Love
Nightmare #1
Mannon: Case 221; Robert Turner
The Black Bones
Story to make you shart your pants PT. 1
Odd Boy
Origins
The Algorithm
My TV used to show the future
BUY FACEBOOK ADS ACCOUNTS
The interview that brought downfall: Pt 1
I can't sleep anymore.
There Is A Desert Village On A Small Island You Should Never Visit. I Wish I Hadn't.
I found a circle of hair in my room and its not mine
The Hallway Light
Unwelcome Roommate Problem UpdateThe Smile
I heard in unusual scream from the woods behind my house
The Ghost of 23L
Don't Play With Cursed Things.
Im struck in what seems to an infinite death loop
I Finally Stopped Hiding Under My Desk After 13 Hours.
What Lived in the Woods
Orbs in the room behind me while I’m watching them on our cameras.
The Book that Predicted my Death
Just push the button
"Strange Occurrences In Burningham"
Screw this bestiary, part 1
I met him at the abandoned church (2)
My Holy Grail
Haunted.
The Truth of COVID-19
I woke up and I couldn't move...I regret knowing why
The Crash (short story)
I met a stringed creature in the forest and now I'm forgetting myself
NEVER hike alone
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus
On the bus with a smile
I've woken up by an emergency notification, now I'm isolated. #1
"The man in my closet"
This infernal virus
Human Cow
I never believed he was odd, but now I regret it.
My future father-in-law is a walking corpse pt2
dont drink the water
‘Twas the Fourth Night After Christmas I raised some hell
I had my first dissatisfied client as a supernatural investigator
Someone lived in an abandoned house I lived next to.
I don't remember how I died. All I need is my computer password.  FINAL
BlackFriday Boom, Earn money #onlineearnmoney
The Wooden Door (Part 2)
My Team Brought A Mummy's Voice Back To Life
I've Been Working at My Best Friend's Company for over a Year. Today I Learned What We're Really Selling.
Lucy Sackerville
My friend is a witch, and I like it--I think . . .
Angel Hills - Day 6 - Six geese a layin'
Failed vaccine
The Old Highway Through Windermoore
Creepy Crawler
Am I even awake? (Pt 3) FINALE
What Happens When Black Eyed Kids Come Inside?
I found my real birth records.
HELP ME STOP THIS LOOP!,
This is the last time I use my empathy.
Hentai Puzzle Game Review
Immortality Has One Fatal Flaw
What are some rules/superstitions that you always follow?
The experiment
Never stay in a room full of mannequins even if you don't believe in ghosts.
Left Overs
Spread Your Wings Up To The Sky
A dear friend.
Dumpster Diving
how to deal with paranormal shit: chapter 1 - that bitch in the woods
Improve your lucid dreaming results, with the help of a supportive community &amp; expert teachers
WTF EVEN!
Security Industry Specialist Tells All
I'm a young architect tasked with the edification of some strange new land located in the Middle East.
Manic
I work as a call operator for a private company, we have a list of rules to follow. Part 1
Today I received a text message from an unknown number. I need to get her out.
The Job Offer
People in my neighborhood have been going braindead and I think I know why
I Need Light.
I'll never forget the first time I lost my memories
It took my best friend...
She likes it when I eat rats
Everything I Say Backfires Terribly
Demons Might Be Real
I wanted adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
How a Demon became my bodyguard.
Went 20 years back in time and arrived at a village that disappeared 200 years ago.... Things just keep getting more and more complicated.
I used to teach English in Tokyo, and I'd like to talk about some of my experiences
3:43 AM
The 188-minute Man
If the screen of your Switch cracks, stop playing
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
I Saw it in a DreamDiary of... 3/8/15
I got stuck inside a tank and now strange creatures appeare
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
The Old Man and the Gas Station.
Whatever is happening isn’t good
Why they kept the doors closed.
I worked as a 911 dispatcher. After I received a call from a little girl called Samantha, I quit my job.
The maple vampires
I woke up holding the secrets of the universe
My school has commenced The Cleaning. They said only the top peers will survive. (Part 2)
I saw something that almost killed me (part 2)I'm going to get killed by a cult pt 2
The house across the street glows at night
My school is on lockdown,but whatever is out there isn’t human.
The Wolf and I Part 2: Remembering The Past
I Woke Up During My Surgery
Found a one-star review on a $33 security camera from China that's absolutely terrifying.
What’s Playing in Theater 15?
A strange girl was running around our house.
So you think you can dance?
My Scariest Dream (my first post ever)
'the meaning of life'
We’re staying at an unusual cabin
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (FINALE)
The Mandela Killer
Oh Say Can You See
Journey to Home
I thought they were just nightmares... but they're real.
THE THING FROM THE CLOSET
Cabin Fever
I fell asleep when our flight took off, but now I'm the only one awake. Something is seriously wrong.
Have you ever tried DMT?
I have a harmless crush on my dentist {High Warning- Parental Advisory}
I Finally Got My Own Place
How to Fight Loneliness
A Dream I Can Still Remember
I was in a car crash in an unknown area,and now there's creatures trying to kill me.
A dark sky and an endless road.
New Year, New You
Minding My Own Business
No More Room in Hell
Strange things have been happening on Route 11.
Have you seen the things that walk around at night?
I Can't Play Video Games Anymore
My son vanished for a year, he's different now...Part 1: Backstory
An Imposter was in my house
A bump in the night P2
My sister is possessed and no one believes me. Soon I'll be sitting in on her exorcism.
Everyone is saying it was a shooter, but my friend and I know the truth
Midtown Theater: Redux - 1: Interview with a Vampire
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 6)
His Ravenous Children
Something was in the trees
NeverGales (Harmony Case Pt 2)
I wen't to a house party, and I wish I hadn't.
August 2020 Winners!
I work in a large underground containment facility, Then something went terribly wrong. -Part 1
Hold me close
There Is A New Drug In Town
Everything is disappearing, but I'm the only one who can see it.
I never should've asked my girlfriend to take her mask off.
I Saw Something on The NASA Earth Livestream
160 Sparrow Road
Ghost Hunt Story time
I found a body and I am next
An update of the pretty shitty pizza party
To Kill an Angel
Dear Artists.
A Last message
That is Wrong (Part 1)
It's Not My Nightmare
The Centre (Part 2)
Someone in my town is messing with the occult.
The Clock Stopped
I moved into a haunted house and never made it out alive.
The Strange Case of Gemma Delacroix
Strange Website
I moved and I found something I wasn't supposed to(fiction)
Game of The Year
It Watches (Part 5)
Timebomb: The Deadlands I
The SuperMarket Memoirs 20: Blow-Out
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Ten
The Thing That Crawls
The night I first saw it
I've eluded law enforcement for four years by living in the woods. This is my story.
I wish to tell you of a street that travelled, and the monsters living there
The U.N has kept secrets about life on Wolf 1061c
Tinka Tocka Man
I made the monster in my closet peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. He's not a monster
I saw in my headlights, from a long range, a lady dressed in white, hitchhiking, she climbed between Françoise and Florence, in the back seat and that's when she disappeared
I met the boogieman.
I Can Fix It
I think my company is packaging people
We were sacrifices for the Gods in exchange for their happiness
Brown Sack, Part 1 of 2
My Father's Strange Farm
I got backer-acted, my roommate was possessed
Case#447: Bloodstained
The Three Rules You Must Follow If Your Child Is A Demon
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don't think I should have taken the job. (Part 4)
ive have gotin death threts
What ever following me wont leave me alone...
Do Not Give Them Power
People Wash Up on the Shore of my Island Community. They’re appearing more often. (Part two)
The Taking.
I work at a genetically modified dog food company and my dog is acting weird now...
I kept thinking that i was different from everyone else and i finally found the answer.
Comedic Insight
The Pine Forest
My twin brother just asked me something and for better or for worse, it's changed everything.
A Pay It Forward Moment Almost Resulted In My Death
For Sale: Pigs (600 pieces)
The hole under the tree
I had to deliver a tape for money. I've been regretting it ever since.
She Didn't Look Like Her Pictures...DoorDash- Get $10 off + Free delivery for a month using this link (Link should also be in the comments)
600,000 Leagues Under The Sea (Part One) The Leviathan
Specimen Retrieval Log
Rejoice, for He is coming!
Shimmer: Part 1
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 9
R382764
Scary sleep experience
My mother forced me to eat worms, now I know why
My name is Lydia Poole, and today I’m risking everything.
Where Did Rebecca Go?
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown Part 4
I found my friend on thispersondoesnotexist.com
I used to have horrible nightmares and now they're back with vengeance
Whatever you do, don't go to the Gnarled forest.
Looking up dead people
TRUE QUARANTINE HORROR STORY
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Three)
I accepted an invitation to a Feast, this is what happened.
The Banyan Skulker
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block- Part Four
The Thai Island Attack
I caused a missing persons case years ago (part 1)
Weird marks keep showing up when I exercise. Today I finally found out why.
Hat! Of! God!
My grandmother just died, and now my mom is making me go back to the cemetery to help her with some “favors”
It's been watching me for some time now.
I Love My Wife
I’m stuck in quarantine and I think my apartment is shrinking
The story of Loretta Lee my hometown refuses to discuss to this day.
Help us. Please!
The Isolation
My friend left the room as one person and returned as another.
Searching for the author of Violin Hill
A deal with the devil is not what you expect, a long awaited updated
Red light green light
An open letter to humans
I love my mother. I would never kill for her, but I would move a body for her, and have, and am.
I have been playing Pokémon go recently and something weird has happened pt1
It has been raining upside down for days
The Mandela Effect (Part 2 – The Celebrity)
Free your mind
The Clawing Man
I Left Earth to be There for Faye and Rosy Posy
Is there a version
I'm an FX artist for B movies, and lately, the actors I work with have been transforming into the monster makeup I paint on them. Part 4
His Biggest Regret is Dying
Everyone’s got something to say. Let’s hear it
Broken pieces
If you see a comment on YouTube that asks, “wanna be friends?” Do not respond to it...
This unforgiving world (part 2)
My mum and sister saw something strange
John's Night Adventures
15:03 to Brussels
Welcome to Moka Park
The girl that can see who’s going to die
Graveyard Party
I think I know why governments wants us to stay inside.
The Shadow on the Window
I'm a hotel manager and weird things are happening (part 2)
Calls of the Castle (part 7)
I think I left my house through the wrong exit in the morning (Part 3)
I never should have quit meth. That was when I started seeing the little blue men everywhere again.
Something likes calling my name and it's been for years.
I met the monster in the woods, and there are things out here worse than him (part 2)
Heavy Metal Was My Life (Part 2)
One Star Too Many
I'm Stuck.
Before we sleep
CLOWN
I gotta get a new human meat guy.
My cell phone is picking up strange voices. I met a demented dwarf who calls himself the Fisherman.
Screams from the wood
The Diary Of A Corpse From Black Dog Lake
I aint doing my work
My ghost is living at my Mother's house
Spooky Food
My wife just bought a doll 4
Uwu
Taiwanese horror stories: the "Mountain Gremlins" and the Little Girl in Red
Once you hear it... It sees you. Part one
Creepy pasta about working in a strange place but the MC is chill and experienced?????
Paradoxical
Be careful what you witch for
It stalks me
The Gunslinger
My seclusive brother went missing. We never expected to find him there.
Help. I find my teacher disturbing
Terrance The Shadow Figure
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 3
A Crack in the Ice
My new town changes when the sun sets for 2 months (Pt 1)
I’m a surgeon. Someone came to get something removed, it was terrifying
The forever purge.
Content in spanish?
I found a hidden room in my house.. It doesn't exist.
She has Baggage
No, this is Patrick
Haunting White entity? Who or what did I encounter
The Flowers at my Doorstep
I Hail from a City of All Women! ...They're Coming for you all!
Christine's Demon- Beginning of the evil things
Five
I'm trapped in a shitty hotel and everyone that I have sex with dies. Please help.
My dead brother haunts me
I woke up in an abandoned hospital.
I can see my body in my bathtub.
I thought my new girlfriend loved animals - now I am not so sure
It wasn't a beautiful day in this neighborhood
My neighbor's cousin is insane. He thinks he's the main character in a sitcom!
Half Me, Half Jeff
His friend from community college
Roses are Red, Your Lips are Blue
Why do people here talk like these are real in the comments?
The knocks at 3
The Devourer Within
Welcome to Johnsville (Part 1)
I am 29 years old and have only experienced 7 years of my life.
Something is wrong with my cat
Down in the mine
I used to work night shift
Never accept scam calls
My wife just walked in the front door, but she was already upstairs
A New Patient: The Doctor's In (Part Three)
The Hand in Mine
The Day the Climate Changed
A Gift From the Dark
I always was a HUGE redditor...
The masked man
The phantom whooter.
Bees aren’t the only thing that makes honey
A Lack of Faith: Kimberly
A Conversation with the Spherical Entity from Outer Space
Sugar
T h e y like to travel
So I know everything is "true here" until it's not, but this one, this one is true
The shadow in my room
Overnight in the Barn
The soul in my body is not mine
Cổng xếp tự động lắp tại Bình định- bình thuận- Đồng nai- 0913183440
Mountain Murder
I’ve seen things nobody else can but no one believes me!
I’m not sure what’s happening but I think I’m in danger.
Can someone help me with this?
Copied from an anonymous Internet forum
My Late Narcissist Mother Keeps Taunting Us From The Other Side, Michael’s Part Of The Story.
Stanaga Airfield Part 1) People in the trees.
I never had trouble sleeping, until my dad started to visit me at night.
My grandpa sent me his recordings... of his visits to the 'underworld'. PART THREE (3)
I Work Overnight at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 8 Conclusion
Yawn...
Please, anyone, can you read this? (Part 1,072)
Did
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. There’s a secret town underground.
True Diary of a Ghost Hunter Vol 1
I saw a goddamn werewolf, that shit was terrifying. Or I think I did.
Lady washes blood off her car at my local car wash. Just woke up from being in her trunk.
He Should've Stayed (NSFW: Abuse)
Nervous About My First Doctor's Appointment in Almost Ten Years
The year I slept in the room under the stairs
The Hidenseek Incident Part 2
The dead widow is covered in cracked and peeling tar, always trailing her ashes behind her.
The Story of April Strange
Do you remember this show?
The Red Lighthouse
There are doppelgangers of my parents trying to kill me
floor 666 (Day 1)
The Man In The Woods
September 2020 Winners!
Charter School Survival Guide – Cheer when the mascot shows up
The Midday Game
The Night Before the Worst Day of my Life, I Had a Nightmare. Was it a premonition?
I was adopted into a rich family and my new mother is a doll
Mile Marker 13
I live in a house in the woods...Blood Manor.
For the past 19 years on the same date I've received a deeply unsettling envelope, and it was all spawned from a fractured mind
Where is my daughter?
The devil appears in many forms.
I am freaking out here!
Dog and Bone
Me and my friends play hide and seek in an abandoned house every year,but this one was our last
My family has changed, and I don't know what to do.
Apparently, supermarkets are secret inter-dimensional gateways.
Woman Seeking Other Lilac Suite Survivors
Scary af
I think I died, my dog bit me and I think I’m being followed.
Involuntary caving
Who is Yaridevda?
My 1st and only ghost
i cant go home
I Spent 24 Hours Inside a Dollhouse Escape Room
I have videos showing how everyone dies. I make people watch them while they're still alive.
We're stuck in a store with something that isn't human. I don't think we'll be getting out anytime soon.
I love my Daddy's new dog.
I used to work for Walgreens. Never again.
I'm off course
I fell asleep during my flight, when I woke up everyone was gone.
My wife may have killed my mistress, and I think I'm next!
The Second Life
The Thing on My Porch
Something is trying to reach me through my grandmother
A very square day.
Skinwalker Stories Compilation
My Dog Ollie Died Last Month. A Week Later, My New Neighbor Dave Tried To Console Me About It In The. Most. Horrifying. Way.
Someone's watching me through my radio
I found a monster in a killer's dream
Getting strange calls and voicemails from inactive numbers
I really really really really hate oranges.
It Stood Outside My Window
Instructions to wake up - B32
I bought this house earlier this week, and I found this diary. It starts on 16 January 2006. You have to see this.
It Had Human Eyes
Don’t let the Nakamura in.
The Ash Gray of Death
I found this in the laundry
The thing that has no shape.
The Face in The Water
The Spider Dancing On The Ceiling
Battle of the Blackened Friday
your not alone......(not real)
Tragedy at Disney's Toontown Part 3
CLASSIFIED TOP SECRET // Incursion Event // ATTN: Dep. Dir. Hatfield, Section 4
Deep in the mountains of upstate New York, there’s a whole town populated by a single inbred family.
In 2016 the teenagers in my town started exploding. But we didn’t die. We became something else.
Memento Mori...Now I remember...
I work in a hospital that assists supernatural creatures
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
Incarnate Karma
Devil In A New Dress
The return of Timmy Holmes. (PART 1)
Long Ride Home
If you hit something on a rural road at night, maybe it’s best you keep driving.
I was hired for a Theme park and was given a strange set of rules (Part 1)
I didn't know it would turn out this way
I'm a thriller writer now
Venus
I'm going to murder a man on January 1st, and it's your fault
Remember Me
Mason's End (Not Scary)
Brisco Co. is now hiring in your local area! Click here for more details.
Fear and loathing in Romania
Update: My Daughter’s Arm is Stuck Inside a Wall
Amma
Ladybug
Something in my friends basement
The stick-on stickers were twinkling and now my manager is missing.
The Bridge we Built
The in-dream hotline for escaping nightmares is no escape at all
My house is surrounded by armed soldiers.
Our House is Keeping Us Alive (part 1)
Boarding School in Mill Beach, Washington is Different
Please start your comment with the letter K or I will die
Backrooms_Enter.docx
Saturday Night At My Fathers (true story)
I think I saw my childhood babysitter, after 25 years, she looks the same…
My Nightmares and other funny stories
The Escaped Convict
The tale of two nipple Timmy
Something watches me through my bedroom window
I’m so, so, sorry... written by- U/LoganR7Y
My Grandmother left me her laptop when she died. Now I know what killed her.
It Happened - Black Eyed Kids
Maksiso
They're laughing at me
2020 is stuck on repeat
My stalkers are creeping me out
Spectrum Is Free
Something was looking at me through my keyhole.
Journey in the Woods
I Hate Gender Reveal Parties
A Documentation of the Strange Events at my Corner Store (Pt. 1)
"I should've never taken in that doll"
Everyone has a place in Paradise
How to Survive - the Indian Jungle
Pigface
Have you heard of The Adeep?
I took pills to die and instead gained immortality (Part 2)
A dragon called Blizzard
Elisa
This happened a few months ago (true story)
My roommate
The Night I Spent With The Devil
Weird ally behind my job 11/30/2020
Prey in a Thunderstorm
Come Test Yourself Against the New God with Lukewarm Star
I sold my kidney on the black market, now strange things are happening (part 1)
"If You See A Hole In A Tree, NEVER Look Inside.."
LFS
What the hell is wrong with these mountain towns?
That time....
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 2)
Smiling man
The depths of the ocean should remain a mystery
I hate long hallways
I work at a crisis call center. This is a call that saved lives.
Some Story's my Nanny Told Me
3 best cheap straight razors
This is more then aliens... Part 1
ATTENTION: Chief of Police Needs Your Help
My Father, who fought at the world's highest battlefield, once told me a story that shocked me to my core.
My Grandfather was a P.O.W. In WW 2. He told me about the Tongueless prisoner...
Sugarwater Residential Buildings Employee Handbook: List of Rules and RegulationsHas anyone heard of the Bocca Hotel? I need to return a key.
How to Gain Subscribers - (FAKE) Creepypasta
I need to go back (Part 3)
There is something very wrong about my new roommate and I fear he might do something terrible.
I had no idea
I quit
Found a really old journal my grandfather left me.
Do you think I almost got kidnapped?
Alone.
The angels fell and the sky turned red
Everyone goes a little mad sometimes. My father went mad when I was only four...
Strange lights in the pictures of my daughter Part I.
i was killed by mother nature herself
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave
H E L P!!!!! is this a normal nightmare or is someone trying to tell me something?
Mr. Tendrils' Path
The Observers (Part 5) Conclusion
Mission Name Forest Ghoul.
Never Play The Cemetery Game
Someone is writing down what I say
I've created a form of time travel but it hasn't panned out the way I hoped
They're too fast.
There Is A Mass That Never Leaves Me.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
Found a camera in my house, anyway to find out who or where the footage was going to?
(Part 2) My Job At Retail: The Murder
Everyday, I walk my dogs in the graveyard late at night, and I need help explaining what I’ve been seeing
I recently took a night shift at a hospital, and I had to follow a strange set of rules
Don't ever miss your train
It Lives at the Bottom of the Well
There's a new ecosystem and we are part of it
The Inexplicable Home Invasion
Ghost that warned me about Itself.
I hear whispers when I'm home alone
The Revelation
Grandfather's Discovery: Part Two
My school sells students.
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- Something is happening that we can't explain
Rhyme
I Found a Strange Diary in Our First Home - II
Wendigo of Maniwaki (my experience)
Journal of a Self-Immolating Man
I'm Cupid's brother and this is my first and final story.
I witnessed my parents' murders so I became a serial killer. {Part 1}
Somethings wrong. I can feel it.
The Shadow Association part 1
An inter-dimensional window part 2
A child with a dark secret...(a book idea, lmk what you think)
Widespread things people haven't realized they fear
Don't go looking for the Ten Leaping Lords of Angel Hills
Cant sleep again, but I’m so tired
Tales of the End of the World from Listening Post# 317 - Mandala Station
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. I'm ready to go home (Part 4)
Allergic reactions
The Chattanooga Lights
Margaux was her name.
Can't Wait
I saw a man all in black sitting in my bed, now someone wants to kill me
The Lady In The Black Veil
"Don't trust the red haired one" Part 1
The Pillae
The window in my room looks funny..
There’s a new disease in my hometown, and it’s growing.
The Loneliness of the long distance runner.
I died.
The Dark Side of Meditation
House Keeping Journals: Screaming into the void
The man with an axe
My family has one rule NEVER EVER go to the attic at 2:35-3:49AM (maybe series)
The Demon Arises from Honeysickle's Home for the Unfortunate (Part 3)
One large pie and a Coke please. (PART 4 - FINAL)
The Pain of Waking Up Dead
This House Hates You Part 1
1987
We created a human without lungs. What he said still haunts me
The House Next Door
Not An Owl
Is it normal to miss your pets?
I Woke Up Feeling Numb
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here - The Final Part
We did it.
The Stranger
My dreams are more real than ever
There’s something scratching under my floorboards, and it’s either a very smart rat or something much weirder
WHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T LEAVE THE BASEMENT
Paradise gone, a mother’s love too far.
My Last Investigation
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong : Losses
An Author of Fiction
When Uncle Isaac Came to Visit
There's Something Odd About My Friend at Summer Camp
I think my memories are broken (part 3)
I worked in a haunted mansion
The volcano eruption woke something that is supposed to be awake for the next millennium
Anyone know this weird track?
The Thing in The Basement
Couples therapy
The Murderer Of The Fields
A terrifying incident when I was living in China
This town has a secret and it comes with room service.
Voicemails and calls in Textnow from "Unknown Number"
Quarantining sucked, but we're all hopeful it would soon be over
I'm' a wendigo, but not a normal one. Answer Post
I found a video of myself on Pornhub
I used to bully a kid in middle school
My "Dad" and I live in a really weird hospital. That man is not my father.
■■■■■■■■■ CORPORATION - REPORT FILE #0002 - THE APARTMENT
I think I became a medium
The Teddy Bear 'Picnic' | Part 2
My Friends and I Found Something Disturbing While Hiking in Utah
Godmouth
what would happen to the world with no laws?
Intruder
My Sleep Paralysis Demon (Part 1)
My Grandmother's Experience with a Man from an Alternate Universe
I met 9 reptilians in 6 months
My parents have joined a cult
A Demon In My Head Is Trying To Ruin My Life
The Truth of Fiction
I used to love to sleep. I've been awake for three days.
What's going on outside?
Relationship Problems... part 2
Every town has their own local lore of haunted place, and I decided to investigate the one place that i was told never to go to. And i will never drive at night again.
The scratching hasn't stopped.
Identity Theft
Grew up in a 110 year old house. These are some of my unfortunate memories...
Quarantine has me feeling stuck.
Never take the hall pass at Northwood High
Why cant Murdered people hold their breath on TV?
Picture taken and possible kidnapping?
My Brother died three weeks ago. Today I found a strange note in his bedroom.
Descent 2: The Thiefbot (Part 2)
I’m new to Reddit but this site is annoying
A Voice in the Shadows part 4 of 4: Paging Mister Graves
UNDERSWAp the tale. Chapter 1: chara the pooper
A few weeks ago I broke up with my girlfriend, now she is trying to kill me
If you come across a man named "Jack V. Gillins" stay vigilant and suspicious of him.(Part 1)
Just Under
My Prison
Sunbrook Hills
I'm Not a Big Fan of Christmas, and It Has to Do with an Alien Octapus
The Room That Shouldn't Be There. Final Part.
The hostel girl
Strange things happen on ammo watch in South Korea
my strange ability; beyond the natural world.
Do Not Call The Police: when did the natural end and the supernatural begin?
Bubby
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. I've just discovered where they're going.
I Can't Read Cursive Well
Never Paint Your Front Door Red
The white shadow
Reoccurring Nightmare (TW: Clowns, Gore)
The Horror of Camp Tranquility Meadows
Don't see the Shadowman: Pt. 1
SOMETHING ODD IS HAPPENING TO MY KID.
A Needle &amp; Thread: Part 1
Hello, my name is Joshua Monroe and I'm a paranormal attack survivor.
I'm scared of my new house.
The last week in the apartment
Seven Years Ago I Made a Bargain With A Demon; Now He's Come to Collect
The Broken Swing
The Missing BrotherMy personal demon
Urban Myths of India #1 The woman on the cliff.
The Sleep Stalker
Beautiful Eyes
5 Minutes Before Midnight
I have psychic abilities and I think I saw a man murder multiple young women
The Pregnancy Scare of Doberman Hills
Strange Stories from Strange People, Part 1
Mia
Why I think my mother is actually not my mother.
I can hear the syllables, just not quite the words.
I answered a call from a number I didn't know
What is the best way to find and discover weird stuff on the internet?
I was sent this note/journal entry from a seemingly unregistered email address and was told to share it online to spread the notes.
Beautiful,
Never open or read this book and if you find it burn it
My nephew talks in his sleep
8:45 AM
Trigger Warning
The drug experiment (part 5)
All I want is for this nightmare to end.
The Man Who Kept Trying To Drag Me Away
Dont commit tax evasion at 3 am! (ALMOST DIED) *NOT CLICKBAIT*
A gateway drug...
Having weird thoughts about my step-dad
Abandoned, Desolate and Melancholy
I felt like it was never human
Mother is Home!
When the emu took flight, we realized the Moster Bird
The Ghost of Ernest Biggs
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the onion factory...
Between the Boxes - The Eleventh Hour
Michael And Wendy
The Lickening
I pretended to be a missing girl so I could rob her family.
eh
Some Nightmares are real
Morning motivation?
We bought a pet camera to keep an eye on our dog, but my son saw something disturbing on it.
My Neighbor is a Serial Killer. But It’s Not What You Think.-Part One
Why I would never play Ouija ever again
I’m a Big Boy Now
The Whale
I played the elevator game
Watch who you play Dungeons and Dragons with
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 5)
I Can’t Stop Hearing a Dead Girls Song
My daughter Emmeline
The meds are useless. I’m the only normal person around
I Finally Found My Style
schooo creep
Why did he do it?
New Female Narrator Looking to Connect with Authors
2 Sentence No Sleep Story
I'm too scared to go home.
The Sleeping ExitsUpdates On A New Species Of Arachnid
My Baby Started Laughing in The Middle of the Cemetery
Sadie
I'm Lily Madwhip and This is a Nightmare
Hare and the willows
What are some of the scariest/best websites relating to the topic of this Subreddit? Websites with recent events, videos, articles? I just heard a really blood chilling story which made me really interested in more such stories/articles/material
The real reason why Americans are stupid
The Forest
When the widow cries
Encounter with creature in México
I have nightmares that keep me awake. I worry about all the men leaders that can push the nuclear button. A friend said to Elect More Women, because they are not cruel enough to destroy us.
I was never the same again after participating in an experimental study
I’m a Donkey and My Herd and I are Delivering Ourselves from Servitude, No Matter the Cost
It Wants Me To Sleep.
Gifts from beyond the grave.
The Way The World Ends (Part Five)
I think I moved to the wrong area....(part 6)
16 ovens
I performed an autopsy on Death.
Every New Year’s Eve, A Ghost Tries To Possess Me... Please check on me at midnight EST!
I do love this haunted house (part 1)
The Confession of Claire Hanson
Rules of Reality #1: Abandoned Gas Stations.
Braids
00:13
Things you can say
The Crows of Cookstown
ㄕ˙ㄙㄗㄔㄎˉ
Wonder . . . .
Something's In The Water
What is your childhood horror story?
Whispers and Dancing Shadows
After Jane, PART 1
Crunch Crunch run
Something terrible came with the rain
Anyone met person with" thought broadcasting" disease,write what you can get from this person?
For Love Part 2The Meaning is Off
I remember, Oh God, I remember
The fields are different in the dark
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash but I know otherwise part 2
Bloodboard
Intense
Trapped.
I Lived in One of the Most Isolated Villages in the U.K.
I kept waking up between 3-4am and i dont know why...(part 1)
I drove the new girl home from the bar. What the hell is she? (Part 1)
I've been railroad surfing for the last three months all over the U.S., and I'm finally ready to talk about the things I've seen...
Did someone just teleported to me just to save me?
The Middle - My Afterlife Has a Waiting Room
I’ve been watching the Time Square Live Stream, and there’s something very wrong

I was using a navigation app to get home. I don't think I'll be getting home any time soon.
The day the siren rang
The legend of The Forester
I was given this journal and instructions to “share it with the world” and honestly, I can’t even comprehend some of this.... pt 2
If everything goes quiet and dark leave immediately
The disappearance of Mitchell CrabbThis video still contains a paid advertisement
Dreams mean more than you think
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes
DERELICT, a Kirche File (Part Three)
The First National Memory Bank Cares About You
The button eyed man
Don't Watch TV Alone At Night
Five People Getting the Hell Out of Town
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Parts 2&amp;3}
I kill people in my sleep
Do you need peace?
The Book of Autonomancy: Communications Journal (part 5)
Homeowner left me a set of rules and I broke one..
Ghost Orb Caught On Camera
Scratch.
I Heard My Own Voice On Spotify, Something Horrible Is Going To Happen To Me
I stayed at home for two hours but it passed two mounths
It’s hiding under the ice. Global warming is making it worse.
God is alive, and we're all in danger (Part 1)
We stormed Area 51. 26 years ago.
The demon of glutony
Cars and Tigers
Sometimes Even Mamas Make Mistakes
My family has a tortoise that produces a tarot card for every member born. Today, we brought the cycle to an end. (FINAL)
Somethings Wrong With My Parents
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. The holidays were hell.
Psyllosj87
I think there is something dark going on at my uni and I don't know if I want to look into it
I had rabies for six years. Doctors tried to cure me using the Milwaukee Protocol.
Netflix &amp; Chill
I took LSD from a stranger and I don't remember who I am.
She won't let go..
My Last Cleaning Job Didn't Go So Well
The Man Who Was Always Late
The Zombie Apocalypse Comes Every Night in Suncreek, Colorado
I don’t care what anyone says; that is not my mom.
I've been seeing her for 2 weeks now
scary website
The Night Stalker (Part 3)
Arbor Vitae
The Cabin on Fire Road
I woke up with a EYE in the middle of my HAND, it is judging me and causing me pain and horror. need help. to get rid of eye...
I Work Overnight at Lowe’s and There Are some Strange Things That Happen There: Part 7
More than he seems
Someone keeps leaving gifts at my doorstep, and the names of people they want dead
I do not remember my childhood. I think there's a reason, why I just don't know yet.... Or do I...
Aunt breaks my Ouija Board and gets Haunted (Conclusion)
Help! Figures have Surrounded my Frat House (Part 2)
The Table in the Attic
The SurroFamily Center
I'm a line cook, and my vacation is over.
My family has always had a spare plate set out, I always assumed that it was a non-serious tradition...
I found the most terrifying website ever
My brother is a somnambulist. I found a human head on our table after his latest sleepwalking event.
A PSA from a Bug Chaser: Stay Home During This Pandemic
I fell out of a roller coaster - I’ve no idea where the hell I am ... Part 2
Everything Went Black
I (52m) am the reason my daughter (13f) is insecure about her body
The corpse who wanted my attention
The DropAbsolute Zero (Part One)
A Little Secret Door
Hello? I'm from an alternate Earth and you need to listen!
My night shift part 1
I'm a teacher, and my new student will not stop shape-shifting
Every time I say “Quiet”, I hear a screech in my head
I was a retired mercenary, but you don’t ignore a call from the U.S. Forest Service.
The Barotrauma Incident
The elevator with floors missing. Part
Shapeshifters
There's something massive living in the mountains in Alaska- and it can fly
The Pool Closes at 6 PM (Part Four)
The Dreamer in the Gorge
I've never been so scared of my own reflection.
Rules on How to be the Good Samaritan of All Saint's Day
Was the military using me as a Guinea Pig on New Years Eve?
The Beast of Cairn Gorm by Michael MacLennan (A Highlands Monster Tale)
The Waking Sun
I'm a Fire Watchman and Things Around Me are Starting to Disappear
The Dirt Beneath My Fingernails
The Puzzle
Craig Groshek Scams Fans Of Thousand Of Dollars Of Bitcoin
The Amazon Rainforest is on fire, it needs to burn just a little longer
Amazon Prime keeps sending very unexpected things to my house.
I almost got kidnapped
Incident #1
My dog died. Now, I’m killing angels to get him back from the afterlife.
By 1948, beheading by the guillotine was still the official form of capital punishment in France. I was an executioner. The Hole
What do I do?
Don't listen to seashells (Part 1)
He Got Into the House
“Shh. You’re going to wake her.”
Education of a Karen (pt. 2)
My First Nightmare
What Would You Do For $10,000?
Hello, My Conscience.
They Call it the Rake
The Call Center
I'm the reason TikTok got banned... my bad
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, I am in the strangest prison
Adventures at Tranquility Meadows Academy - Wrestling with Werewolves
1, 2, 3
Never forget why you shouldn't open the door
My Brother's Experience With the Stairways
Rules for working at Standies Mannequin Warehouse. (Part 1)
MY FIRST NIGHTMARE
twitch streamer chronicles
The Man In Our Attic
Fran and Jock
Masks Are for Safety, Mainly for Yours Than my Own
I found a journal on my doorstep. No one had ever written in it twice.
I saw the Camp Minnesaugen monster.
Mom always says, "don't talk to ghosts".Ever since I was a child I was obsessed with mountains
The Disney demon ritual
My night terror “demon” followed me into reality
I Found a Journal in the Remnants of a WW1 Battle
Oblivious (gore warning)
Chekhov's Gun
Tonight, I'm working overtime in my office. I keep hearing strange noises.
My friend's mom raped me at a sleepover
He Won’t Leave My Door
I Should Have Taken The #9 Bus
went to assess the estate of a dead priest with no next of kin. I don't know how to describe what we found before we left.
Bones, Master of the World
Nautilus MK VI
I Love Coffee
I Spent A Night Inside An Abandoned Prison. It Wasn't Abandoned.
I decided to skip school one day...but now I regret it
How do You Kill a Monster?
I Walked Up The Stairs In The Woods
I'm Blind... Thank God.
create post
It eats your spine(the picker)
Don't eat the Impossible Whopper
"The Person Who Watches" by Abigayle Johns
The dream sequence part 1
Dead Man's Canvas
14 steps
I remember the times....
The True Horror Movie Experience. Part One.
The man outside my window
Best friend turned into a monster
I woke up trapped in my own house and my family's trying to kill me
I think my friend is missing but her journal is raising some questions
Phil's Promise
I’m a soldier, but something in the field made me question my instincts
I inherited a house.
Santa's Little Cuties (Part 1)
My reflection is low-key giving me chills
I saw strange things on my cruise (Part 1)
I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement... FINAL DAY
My box
something in the forest.
Something's up with my 3D printer.
KING
My first r/nosleep post: The horror of being related to a hellenic family (scary humor)All My Life, I Have Seen The Monsters in The Shadows. Here is My Story.
Hitler did not commit suicide.
The mirror made me do it, I swear
“Please answer. Reach out. Let me know you’re okay…” (Part 2)
I'm An Unpaid Intern And Things Are Weird Here (Part 2)
No fake story! Need real help!
My Grandma's House is Haunted (series part 2)
TM Order has Arrived at its destination
My most terrifying hunt as a cryptid hunter
When A Demon Rants. .
On the way to my childhood home, I realised that the road I was on to take me there was a terrifying portal into the unknown (FINAL)
HERBAL FORMULA HSV
I caused this. He’s in my house.
My cat just dissapeard through a hole in my closet
The Hunt For Grandpa's Legacy
I’m going crazy with guilt
A Rural North Dakota Motel (Part 2/Final)
"Watch out, listener"
My daughters killer
The Fifth Bedroom- Kennedy's perspective
The Suicide Plant Experiments
Bloodline: What happened to Carine-Alina
these people have no nameI used to deliver lost luggage from the airport. This suitcase is why I quit.
My house it haunted.
Rules to surviving The Lost World.
There’s a disease spreading that turns you into minions of the devil, and they’re getting smarter-Episode 1
A documentary on the local mental health institution
The photobomber in my photos
Days After Our Wedding, Her Smile Seemed to Grow Darker PT 2
till yesterday, i was alone for 48 years.
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am...
Right now, a submarine that you've never hear of is sinking. I'm on board.
Let's try not to die
I think I had sleep paralysis while driving
No one believes me
The Path to Hell is Paved With Love
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone.
Be careful of what you draw...
I don't know where I've been for the last year.
The Day I found my lost friend
Does anyone know how to stop a nosebleed?
Why I Quit Working for Amazon Customer Service - and why you Should Stop Ordering from Amazon
What's helped with my years of insomnia
My resentful family
I visited the Chernobyl exclusion zone. We found a man who was brutally crucified.
Brutally murdered over and over in my dreams by friends and family.
SCP Item #4331
My friend used to wear an eyepatch. It wasn’t for his lazy eye.
I live in an Asylum and it has a terrible history.
so this is just an idea i have and i want to know what you all thing about it first
Walking plastic
There are strange noises in the Bering Sea
It All Started With A Viewing of My Corpse (TW: child abuse)
The Night alone in London
My Tiny Town Jut Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out (pt. 2)
The White Lady
Knock, Knock.
Please listen this involves your fate
I Debunk Unsettling Online Videos For a living
I saw something disturbing while I was camping.
Recurring Nightmare
Nathan’s Games Aren’t Fun Anymore
Heartstrings
I see things I shouldn't (index and intro)
Meeting my online GF for the first time went VERY wrong!
Always watching me part two.
A door frame in our new house has a number on it (Mature)
I Thought It Was A Normal Hotel. I Couldn't Have Been More Wrong.
Ravens
My college sorority is different – In war and in love
The cold never bothered me anyway
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 3)
I Wish They would Stop
“There’s something very wrong with the drug made by BFSH clinic”
Suburban Hell
The Stress of a Teen Girl
A Swan Song for the Crackhead from Sixteenth Street
There was a freight ship that sank in the Atlantic, It wasnt because of pirates
Keys wallet passport clothes
Death Stranding
We are not alone.
Nothing is scarier than real life
Try not to learn things from youtube videos
Creepy guy on the internet.
I am a time traveler.
My Peculiar Journals
Don't follow voices calling you from the woods
The Lucidity Experiment
I woke up and I couldn’t move.
They crawl below the basement. They have my wife. They have my son.
I WEAR A MASK
My Neighbors Son was the Antichrist
Patient John Doe
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about Charles Darwin...
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out (pt.2)
My First year in Hell (Part 4)
Souls-like: Second Cycle
Toxic
I got sent large files of cctv footages in the form of a cold, flu and virus
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. But first I must perform an exorcism.
I used to live on an island, and it's not as abandoned as it appears.
I can smell death; I think something's about to happen
Fearing that the previous owner of my new house might be hiding in my children's bedroom, I sprinted upstairs (Part 2)
Turtle Lake, Indiana
Jaga(part1)(Rework)
Need help irl
What Happened On Board "Le Coureur Des Vents"
Don't Stop Recording
Do you know the code?
There’s something strange going on in my town
I Just Woke Up In A Forest...Please Help
I can talk with supernatural beings, It's not as bad as it seems.
All the Times
My ex/fiancé has been missing since September 8. His phone service was never disrupted, and his phone wouldn’t ring again until around Friday last week, then his phone was shut off again. Then a completely different person picked up yesterday.
There is something wrong with my newsfeed
Buried Memories
The ghost in my apartment and I finally reached an agreement
Hallowed Ground ~ Part VI
What you wanted
The creepy smile
The Bed man
Grandma always said look but don't touch, I should have listened
I Use To Manage A Bed &amp; Breakfast By The Sea But I'll Never Do It Again
Narrating Stories
There's a blizzard outside, but it's summer in Wyoming.
A fisherman's paradise
Lurking
I hunt nightmares.
Contact.
'Til Death Do Us Part
Boolean Horror
Camping Novel - HORROR
The Seventh
My teacher encountered a witch
They told me my baby was special part 2
I keep leaving messages on my dead boyfriend's voicemail, then it called back (Part 7)
I House-Sat for my Brother and Discovered Something Horrifying
"Man of My Nightmares." By Alex DesCombes
When your dinner is ready
I think we are part of a new ecosystem
I just picked up some sort of mystery job. What I saw when I went through the building door shocked me (part 2)
AahhahahahA Street
Where the Caterpillars Die (Part 2)
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
why am i here?
Smiley
My son told me the face in the mirror is not his.
Through a Window
I run a Safe Haven for Monsters. This is why we need a fucking curfew.
Tyrant
Something horrifying happened when I was camping as a Boy Scout. I'm still haunted by it.
no one can find the old dairy farm(part1)
I think I'm stranded with nice old Ron Holland (part 16)
The Owls
MechWarrior :living legends
I got lost in a cornfield, and saw a ritual unfold.
I could do with a few inches less.
The Desert Can Be Deadly At Night
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
Why I stopped Breaking and Entering
Don't Join The Music Industry
1986. Come back to us.
i'm stuck in my room and i cant get out
My great great grandmothers house
Why I Want To Commit Suicide
Something deadly escaped from a biohazard truck on the way to the Istanbul airport
Nobody else is on campus today. Something feels wrong.
I wasn’t always superstitious...
I Found The Journals Of a Man Claiming To Be An Old West Time Traveler (Part 3)
Weird right
Squeak and tunnels
An inexplicable noise that happened years ago still haunts me to this day.Work Lunch
I hunt and kill the parasites on earth  how it started
My Final Day In The Bayou (part 1)
Whatever you do, stay away from the railroad tracks. Especially the one named Crimson Track.
Elurophobia- Fear of cats
My therapist told me to post my dreams.
The Doll that was Alive - the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Part 2) - repost
chose pumps
I Heard My Own Voice On Spotify Screaming In Agony
I visited an abandoned antique mall and I think something followed me home.
There's A New Drug In Town Part 2
I finally came to class early, now the whole town is abandoned
Dear past self, I’m sorry...
I should be dead instead.
Found a VHS Tape with Something Horrible On It. How Do I Check if it's Real?
roses, red roses
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 2)
my room has a lot of strange little quirks, The knocking man and the hands in the closet.
Halloween Visits
We are Paranormal Investigators
I can hear whispers in my headphones part 2
Sorry if this shouldn’t be posted here, 100% true story
The real reason why you shouldn't walk trails at night.
Insanity Project Test #38
I was a member of a no-sleep cult. The brain damage is irreversible
I think I’m being followed home everyday
There's something in the water
Purple Pollen.
We never should have played God
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 6)
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 4)
A Letter to the Future Owner
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part One)
The Father
Coronavirus Covid-48
A Better Version of Me
”That” feeling
Manchild gets exposed by ex-gf as serial abuser of women: Internet promptly destroys his life.
City of the Faceless 1/2
The Song That Never Ends
We went to explore an abandoned asylum, only to find out we weren’t the only people here. (Part 1)
The Witches
Photographs- The witch's saga (Part 2)
Why can't I wake up? - Part 2
The Celtic rituals are worse than you imagined
The Case That Keeps Me Up at Night: The Disappearance of Dennis
Nothing... just me
My name is Roby, I did something stupid, my family is dead
What is use strict and what does it do
My Plane Keeps Crashing and I Can't Stop It. Part Two
The Psychopath at the hotel
Being the Grim Reaper at the end of the world
I am going live soon on Twitch
I own a car-key that opens every device. Today I’m going to use it on the machine in the woods.
I hunt the monsters of this world
A Fear of Dogs
The Church of Bones - Part 1
I found an order of service for my own funeral in the woods behind my house.
As kid, I experienced a lot of weird "dreams"
Gordon Smith and Jeremy Dare Have Been Missing for 21 Years. This Log Written in By Both of Them Sporadically Recounts Their Last Month Alive.
I Need Advice
There's a Man with a Thousand Faces, and I've seen every one.
I believe someone is watching my girlfriend.
You know...not all Nightmares are dreams...
A terrifying nightmare
Humanity's greatest threat? Itself
The Rats in my apartment are out of control.
There is something in the condemned building in my town.
Cultured Meat (Part 1)
The SleeplessWatchdogs are looking for new mods!
The Watchmen - Part IV - I've Decided to End
Something is wrong with Mark...
Hello. My name is Jack R. Sekic. I think I am developing real superhuman powers as we speak. I have reason to believe an evil organization called Crimson Web is trying to cover this all up.
When I met my real father, and my search for him now
Suggandese NUTZ
I'd lost my passion for my work. Here's how I got it back.
I was kidnapped to be part of a research study Part Four
I Am Misfortune
I Have a Phobia of Developing New Phobias
never celebrate Christmas. If you do now, stop
Under The Apple Tree
I don’t know what’s happening with my parents.
Mr. Bertram's rules
A final thank you.
I’m stuck living the deaths of other people
Mr. Squiggles and Friend
Cocula
Lister: Aunt Liptrot's House
Flirting with death means inviting its friends around too
I just went a day without sleepi g
"The Doctor is In" featured on this week's NoSleep Podcast!
Alone, dark, 3 a.m. , and no explanation
I can hear an ex classmate on Discord at night
I Was a Counselor at Camp Redfern. There's a Reason Why We Shut Down Early Last Summer.
Welcome to the Labyrinth Game
Something Leaves A Gift On My Steps Each Month.
I think I'm in hell on earth
My Friend Died 3 years ago but she's back
I found a note in the Paris catacombs. Here is what it said
That little flashy keychain thingy
The Abandoned Carnival
Reddit has become my Wattpad
Breaking the Monotony (Part 1 of 2)
Dark Woods
The Girl who Isn’t Me
This Halfway House is Draining my Sanity
Is attraction common?
something is going on at the house across the street
My Case On A Serial Killer Disappeared But I'm Not Done Investigating (Part 1)
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 3)
My Friend Drew Lines On Their Hand, And Now They’ve Appeared On Mine Too.
I wish I never opened my dad’s office
Come and join me in my twist and turns of a minigame...
My Family Has Been Killed By A Cult
STOP SCROLLING!! don't let get too high on DOPIMINE
The Last Dance
Confessions of a Camp Counsellor (Part 2)
Forgive me
Job
Abandoned servers are neat.
I lived through a wendigo attack
A lone boy covered in mud and sticks was found in the woods, and he has been in my care ever since
No Spoilers
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 3/6
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 6
I found a corpse in my attic today
My worst hallucination event
The most horrifying nightmare I've ever had
The Man Behind Me...
Pig Pig Trouble Part 2
EZ-Industries Log Repository
Marty had the strangest way of proving of where he was late at night
Sleep recording app idea, that overlays creepy sounds on recordingsI worked for a hotel security guard, the place had unsettling rules...
The Lank
My fiancé and I invented a new way to breathe. Now it’s ruining our lives
i’m new to reddit, here’s my no sleep story
Nanna stands at the foot of my bed each night.
We Found The Youtube Channel of A Classmate Who Died In A Car Accident - PART II
dont play roblox
I sell demon and ghost removal on Craigslist. It's not worth the money.
The shadow figure that cursed me from 5B *TRUE STORY*
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 2)
Tales From The Cemetery Part 3
Seeking help: I think there is something in my wall
The snow stalker of white hill lane
I have been having weird dreams for the past few weeks, but this dream was the most queer out of all of them.
The Little Girl that Lives in the Woods
My experience with DuoLingo
So far as I can tell, two of my wife existed at the same time.
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 3
Sleep Paralysis problem
"Tapping" fiction
Don't go there(first write)
iThink
The lucky few.
Typing...
The Lightkeeper
My high school was built on top of a cemetery
A little too fluent
https://youtu.be/2v8IBo4tq08
There’s a reason the US is ramping up its presence in Poland, I just found out why
My Sister Is Missing
The Welcoming
im big sabd
A night with an alien
Friend’s Cheating Ex Gone Insane
My dad vanished into the ocean when I was a child. Now I fear it's my turn.
NoSleep interview featuring nmwrites!
My (former) new home
I heard a loud, bloodcurdling scream. It came from inside the house. Part 1
The Beasts We Welcome
Can you identify this creepypasta?
Is there a reason why I wake up and stare at my closet?
My Dreams Hurt Me in Real Life
You know who you are you are and what it is you do, what you didn't know is that I watch you do it. Everytime.
If You Get Invited To Spend Your Babymoon Camping At Bernadette's Camp And Create, Do Not Accept The Invitation
Newbie Here!
My brother died unexpectedly. Two nights later, he was in my hallway...
The most devastating pandemics in the history of mankind
Last year was my family’s last Thanksgiving
Has your dog ever had worms? - I think I know what James was doing
Rabbit heads keep showing up at my door
I was almost abducted when I was a child
What’s happened to my daughter
My wife brought something home in a bag and refuses to show me what’s inside.
Central station (english translation)
My Mom Hired A Clown off The Dark Web
My Town Has A Story About the Shadow Man
I'm not sure, but I think it may have found me
The Stranger in the Woods
Awesiaki: Chapter Five - August, 1632
Short but terrifying horror story.
The Woman that Followed me Home
Don't let anyone EVER book a hotel for you
Creatures of fire
Barney's Lost Episode
The Bleeding Tree
I hate myself.
Stay out of the woods
Face In The Static (My first story, no experience)
You should know.
Its Eyes were the only visible horror. Everything else was unseen.
The Pathlore
I can't leave my Grandmothers house and I'm pretending to be brainwashed, help
I’m on a train. I keep seeing the same man at every stop
I Opened My Own Store Called Xeno, Theres Deadly Acid In The Closet.
(2) The Christmas from HellPlease, I need your help getting out of my basement.
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I have some stories to tell. Part 4
Insomniac
I beat up my High School bully almost to death.
Dream Girl
Together Forever
The pyramids weren’t built for the pharaohs. They were built to keep the darkness hidden away.
I will narrate your story on YouTube and promote you!
Please be quiet during the movie
He Stared at the Mug Til It Moved
The Under Cells.
Deadly accusation
Last Minute Christmas Shopping
Insanity zero: camp pickleweed (part one)
Count to ten
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 6)
I thought that nobody cared. But trust me, there's always someone who cares.
My days in the avalanche.
Aunt Ninna's House 2
Ghost stuck in a bar?
The Contagion Complication
I brought my girlfriend to the town of Wicce
Clown chase
Im a ghost Hunter and I have some nice stories!
I pay my parents an allowance every week. They don't know where I get the money.
My boss is great, except when he turns into a werewolf and kills everyone (Part 2)
A site without a URL, and its horrifying videos
If you ever see a single red eye at 3 in the morning, just go back to sleep...
The Ghost Tree. Part Two of Six.
Who is this MaN (repost bc old got deleted)
Screams from the desert.
I was a volunteer rescue diver. (2)
I received a podcast file addressed to me. I wish I never listened to it.
YOUR Scary Stories Featured
Can you hear him laugh too?
Waiting in the Woods
Don't hold your breath and draw this on an etch A sketch
Demented Ramblings Of An Insane Man
I got a job at a mall with a specific set of rules. They are not regular rules
Don't open the email
I think someone broke into my home
I made my brother disappear (Part 1)
Tales of the sandman
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders.
I spotted something.. odd.. in the forest by the road
There’s hair growing out of my gum hole, and my mom isn’t here to comfort me (PART 1)
The Night Never Sleeps
I was a Walmart manager by Gl!tchySneeze
McDonald’s Encounter.
The stone gate ritual
I can see it in the snow. The death of a person
I think I slept with a monster
a closed mind
Behind the abandoned house
Ghost in the Road
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 5) (Final)
No memory of a trip to Disney?
People feel compelled to tell me their darkest secret.
The Eyeless
I Had A Second Shadow
Don't visit Sognsvann at night
I think the mean girl in 7th grade was a witch
what happened to TheEmmaDilemma??
My uncle almost killed my aunt..
Here's part 1, or the short story of a future book
Something Strange Came Into the Dump I Work at
Are Marines cursed or is it just the land?
Our star player is on the field right now killing everybody
I'm a dominatrix and the men I know might be harassing me
A very common New England problem
I lost my well to live, please help.
Don’t Go Off Trail While Backpacking
What’s the most Paranormal/Haunting thing you’ve ever witnessed?
The Owl from the Woods in Our Yard
I'm Home Alone For the 1st Time (part 2)
The Door On the Side of the Highway
I Interviewed my Favorite Horror Writer about his most Controversial Story. What he said completely shocked me.Part 1.
The Haunting of Gallow Wood - a scary encounter with local creeps...
My corrupt file
I encountered the random stairs
Ｓ Ｋ Ｙ
The Russian Punisher
The Koresh
Redrum
What thr hell pricked me? Part 2
Being Chased
I had till the man in the water died from drowning to complete my exam
I found a camera buried on a dirt trail and two men died.
If your car alarm goes off at 3:36 a.m., don’t tell the man inside to get out.
Pills
The Girl With Red Eyes part 1
One Man's Trash
The Mindbender: Part 1
Stolen Faces
So i've been hearing weird banging on my door lately
The Time I Was Almost Abducted Because I Had Wanted Donuts
I just had a encounter I will never Forget
I built a whole bunch of AIs, from one based on Reddit threads to a sexy bot to one on banned books,.. even the Ricky Gervais show!
Where you belong pt 2
GOTD HELP?
She got her hooks in him
Anyone wanna tell me what just happened??
I saw and heard things at the Grand Opening of BFSH’s newest branch office, and none of them were good
The temperature never changes
Just another day in quarantine
What is that thing
My experience with the beldam
My friend got burned to stake and I was forced to watch
I have to get this off my chest
I Don't Believe in The Supernatural (maybe NSFW?)
Forever Followed By Monsters part 5
We All Fall Down (Part 1)
I Used to Be Atheist Until I Found A Diary
My Mother Was A Horrifying Person
Parents, it is NEVER Illegal to Protect Your Child!
I hear sounds from my teddy bear now i know why....
My Neighbor: The Man You Don’t Want To Adopt From
The Field of Masks
My Grade 6 Horror Story - made it in 20 minutes
I Met My Best Friend Under Odd Circumstances
My encounter with an unknown Creature.
He Lived in Our Pipes
Never apply for a job at Wincom Industries.
I had to sleep in a room that was so cold I had to keep the heat on during the summer.
Is this how the game is supposed to go?
The Red Lighthouse (Part 2)
I Am The Only Mortal To Ever Become A Deity
The Fallen: Intro
The Man in Oregon
The “iPod” from that eBay seller...
Never, ever click on a Buzzfeed quiz called "Do You Deserve To Live?"
(true) I saw a teleporting/time traveling car!!?
Happily Ever After
Ever since I moved into that old house, I've never been alone.
in a Dream, i was killed by a piece of paper
Four walls and no door
The note about Him from a man forgotten to time
An otherworldly man and paranormal entities  The arrival
My new boss expects everyone to really put themselves into their work
.onion
my whole life is Groundhog day
Not Alone
new to reddit
The Facts Concerning Constantine Sinclair
Too many Jeffs
I see him everywhere I look.
THE LOCK DOWN WAS ABOUT LOCKING DOWN THE ECONOMY
My grandparents begged me to perform an autopsy on my cousin because they suspected his suicide was faked. It wasn’t.
A Doll Sent me Into Cardiac Arrest
I downloaded a cryptid sound board, a piece of me wishes i hadn't
So one of my friends has written this and he told me to post it here. So I am posting the story below on his behalf as he is not on Reddit.
Fear of looking out of windows during night
Gated neighborhood
100% Safe and Permanent Yelp Elite Reviews
Show me that pretty face
In The Dark, Dark World (Part 2) (Series)
The Woman Who Tried To Save Me
I live alone, but I don't feel alone.
My Mom Watches Me Sleep
A girl is following me for years
The Truth About The World
An excursion into the forest led to the unraveling of my wife's mind.
Mythical Ritual Song turns reality
Strange happenings..
I worked my first night shift at Chuck E Cheese and i think it will also be my last
It's been 4 hours since the school's lockdown, and I don't think the teachers outside are still my teachers. (Part 2)
The Whisperers
I Know I'll be Dead Soon
the weight: not my dog
The MONSTERMy neighbor is in the KKK
I keep hearing her name
Twisting to a New Realm
My name is Sunny Mathers and I am missing.
My 20th birthday changed my entire life
I think my house is alive (part 1)
The Kindness of Strangers
I think the gates of hell have just been opened... (Part 1)
The Forest part 1
Voicemail
There's a new guy at school, everyone who looks at him has died.
I thought my boyfriend was cheating on me. The truth is so much worse.
If YoU DoNt ClIcK ThE LiNk ThE MaN WiTh ThE KnIfEs WiLL GeT YoU AnD He WoNt Be HaPpY!!
The Fairy Door-
Scary / weird sleep paralysis dream.
Kevin McAllister tried to kill me
Nightmare In the Woods (pt 3)
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why.
The Wood-Hill Hospital
I met Death and it was a she. (part 2)
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
I'm a criminal profiler, but not even I can explain the gruesome events taking place at Fever Cabin
Chased by a secret organization masked as a wrestling faction.
My Grandma Stayed Over, and Her Snoring Kept Me Awake
The Science of Spirits: My husband passed away when we were just starting our lives, and I couldn't accept that he was gone. As a scientist, I decided simply not to. Part 2.
Bone Chilling NH Camping Story
The Night In Question
Theres a shadow in the corner of my room...I dont think its a shadow..
It started when I killed my wife.
I just want my Mum!
You have been selected to be the night guard of my mansion... Forever.
I am all the things that don't exist anymore
A Knife is Cheaper than Therapy
A deceased girl saved my life Pt.1
Da dog boss PT 2 Chapter 2
An Eye for ..why?
There is a price for everything
It happened in the river.
A night in a gated neighborhood ( part 1 )
Scary stories from a Railroader volume 2
My 3D printer made something strange on its own
There's a locked door in my new apartment
you are what you eat
That Burnin' Feeling (Part 1/2)
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 1)
My mother's sinister diary entries are becoming a reality...
A journal of tragic tales.
Dead tradition
Another letter from the man who took my sister (PART 2)
My home sweet home.
Many years ago, my best friend was lost to a world of raining sands. Today, I go to save him.
I Used to Pet Sit for a Russian Oligarch. This is Why I Stopped.
When I was little I had this dream and I couldn’t sleep because of a painting
Monsters in the Shadows
Me and 6 other have be challenged to kill each in a week (part 1)
Nihilism is my body
Im a security officer hired to guard an estate pt8 Preparations.
"HIS LEGACY" BY U/TREYWILLIAM
I'm a Conductor for a Railroad that doesn't operate like one.
The Diaries of a Dying Man
Someone was living in the crawl space in our pantry for however long.
They Say School is Safe.
The shapeless creature
I'll never buy a Halloween mask off of eBay again...
Psychopath's Apocalypse: Chapter 1
I’m locked up in Baltimore and I think we are the only ones left
My Friend Just Dropped Dead in Front of Me
My Summer Camp's Monster Is Real And Now I Have Proof
There are killer donkeys on the loose and it's my fault
I am Dr. Franklin. I have seen the supernatural and everyone thinks I'm crazy.
A Group of Campers Went Missing in Alaska, I was Sent to Investigate
The Dead Girl In My Yard Wanted Me to Be a Hero
Not All Monsters Live in the Woods
We’re creating a NEW HORROR ANTHOLOGY SERIES based on your favorite NO SLEEP stories. Watch the trailer for TALES FROM THE VOID at the link below, featuring stories from /M59Gar, /The_Dalek_Emperor, Manen_Lyset, and more.
Someone shot up my school, and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember.
Who’s afraid of the big bad wolf? Part 2
I don't want you walking in the water
I Buried A Loved One In My Front yard.
Itching
My Dad Isn't My Dad Anymore
I think I’m in a real life Jig saw pt1
Help a demon is haunting me in the night
Scary story my friend told me
SataNick
My dads and grandpas journals
Child of the Garden
Saw something i shouldn't have stocking vending machines
Here Comes Suzy Snowflake
Sometimes the moon betrays us.
Really bad things are happening in Hollywood.
Ever since I was a child I was obsessed with mountains
I think there's a demon living in this subway station, but i really need the job
The Mysterious Disappearance of Samantha Moore
The Crate
The Trestle
Life in the apocolypse
I had my second instince of Sleep Paralisis. I need some answers.
The Alaskan Triangle.
I'm staying in a small town in Michigan, the residents seem to have multiple personalities
The Monster under the bed
It was just supposed to be a regular camping trip (Part 2)
The boy On The Hill (part 1)
Secrets after Dark
Christmas vs Kwanzaa
I Love The Park
I not sure if I'm crazy or not.
Do You Remember Golden Springs, Texas?
Dream that i born with
In case I don't come back - final update
She works for The Corporation, but now it's my turn to tell you something.
Every night, at 4 AM, I hear a woman crying in my backyard - Update
I work at a university library. I’m afraid one of the students isn’t alive.
Qb-462
The things in the corner
Stars
My 5 year old daughter has an imaginary friend
My childhood (part 1: the earliest incident I remember)
Photographs (Witch's saga part 2)
My crush's boyfriend keeps her snapstreaks. It got disturbing quick.
I woke up after a night out buried in Hampstead Heath
People Trying to Steal from Car
I may have gone to the wrong place...
I think something really, really bad happened in 2020
Rehabilitated memories
In the bathroom
They're watching
Watch out.
Maggie, the house is on fire.
My Husband Cheated On Me.
I keep hearing a piano in the middle of the night and I don’t know what to do
Blissfully Unaware
IMPORTANT QUESTION REGARDING SLEEP PARALYSIS
"Hope it was just a nightmare" I thought...
The shroud from the abyss
The Day The Rain Was AcidThe Silence of the Scream
If you ever receive seeds in the mail, DO NOT PLANT THEM.
I love Fridays
Afraid For My Life.
Rip pay respects
I think an angel stopped me from burning my own house
My dog knows where I bury my bones
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 4/6
Can blue light blocking glasses help sleep?
What Is Wrong With My Crush?
The restaurant of machines
Aswang in the Countryside Part 2
My Friend and I did something bad at the movies when we were teenagers. (Part 2)
We found a lighthouse in the woods. It's not on any map, and something's turning it on at night.
First time I saw a Corpse
I was sent to a summer camp, or that's what I thought... (PART 2)
Passive Regressive
Mankind's Original Sin
The Unknown Disease that nearly killed me
If a man in a trench coat walks up to your convenience store at 7:06 PM, quit your job immediately.
We want to help destroy the human race. But you guys are doing a pretty bang up job yourselves.
The Accident Game
There was a Rumor About a Satanic Church in our City. It Wasn't a Rumor.
My "Dungeons and dragons" game Pt.1
Rules for visitors with children
Nobody likes to walk the pathway to cabin 5 at night. I just found out why.
SOMETHING LOOKED AT ME FROM THE ROOF
My mothers cabinet
i had a twin brother (part 1)
God Left Us in the Somme
The night that I became the Vampire King.
I'm alone up here.
A "very interesting" game
This is real
Living with a Noise Sensitivity
eeee so spooky
What the human kind shall never find
I wish I hadn't watched the video
There’s evil in the woods.
Clowns have always creeped me out. But after today, those freaks make me want to fucking die.
Over 10 years of searching, I have no idea who or what my 2 paranormal entities are and why they chose me.
2020 was just the trailer...
The tree with orange bark
Terms and conditions. (PT2)
The Gingerbread Man
What's in the dark 1
I think the woods near my house is a massive burial ground. (My first story)
A new journey
There are forbidden places in the woods no one should go to
There's Something In My Apartment, and It's getting worse.
I didn't know where to post that, but I've found some cool way to summon demons.
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That are Going to Get Us Killed. (3)
I'm a Sherriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart Texas.
They will try to stop you, don't interact with them.
The Smiling demon Lives In The Woods
Something Jumped in front of my Car on a Dead Road
The sound of silence
Winged Demon I seek
A Hooded Man stands near my boyfriend’s grandma while she was sleeping and she went to the hospital
I began to bully a kid, but something awful happened.
My Area 51 Raid Buddy Had A Sister
I live next to a hog farm in SE NC.
Zak Bagans Haunted Museum (The Aftermath)
Does anyone remember “Happy Fun Time” daycare?
This can’t be real, right pt2
The End Part One
Demons-TI
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 2
My tutor left me some rules while he attended some business out of town.
I’m 17, and I’ve learned every language
My horror story (idk, I’m new to this)
iMommy app did something to my daughter
Whelp
They Ignored Me
Don’t Die in Your Sleep if You Can’t Swim
Voyager 1 come back with something on it (Part 1)
Many years ago I made an extraordinary discovery. It became my gravest mistake.
Have Skinwalkers migrated?
New pet owner looking for advice
My Creepy Medical Anatomy Teacher
Missing Son
I've found a website that is all about death.
Edibles
Followed Home The Prequel The House on Roseway
كورونا يزحف للمغرب.. تسجيل حالتين جديدتين مصابتين بفيروس كورونا
I'm receiving weird emails from my company and I don't know what to do
Fractured Mind.
The cure for anxiety – first of all follow God, then your problems will be solved:
I made a unusual friend in Tibet.
The Farm My Family Bought Was Cursed
Mice Infestation, Possibly
Thomas Henderson.
What Happened to r/tjaylea
The Records of Sam Parks - The Abstract Hallway
(True story) of the worst life someone i know lives
The Burnt Lady.
I will be living alone in my apartment for the next few days and I want to keep an online journal to record unusual activity
I don't Think Giant Tentacles are the Norm in the Atlantic Ocean (Part 1)
Rules for a town that doesn’t exist.
I love this Subreddit
Bliss - WIP (Please Disregard “NONAME”, or even suggest a name for the “brother”)
I may have lost my sight, but I can still see.
Don’t talk to the voices in your ear
The dogs in my town aren't dogs anymore.
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six G Hunt Section
Tranquility Lane
Blackwoods Bend Part Fifteen - The Road
I've Seen Hell, Actually I've seen Everything
I'm a researcher on the ISS and i've just discovered something you need to hear.
My Shadow...My Dakrness
I think I am making myself go insane.
I’ll always be there for you
I Read The Scariest Horror Story Ever: DO NOT READ!!!
I Found An Old Journal, Now I can't stop reading.
You have been warned.
Old Mr. Range's friends
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Nightmare Walking"
The Book of Autonomancy: How to Undo the Curse You Laid Upon Yourself (Part 23)
This file was found on the computer of a man who was found dead with his family.
Unclean
My brother got kidnapped now he is talking to ghosts (part 2)
Don't go to Chesterfield Manor on Halloween. It won't let you leave.
Child of the farm.
These creatures living in my parent's farm.
My name is Mark, I watched a woman die in a Red Room. Please help me. I'm going to die.
Ellie Bakerfield disappeared thirty years ago
Saw orbs in person, weird experience
I'm proper scared now like
I’m an Urbex (Urban Explorer). Here is my story.
.... I don't know him
i hear a radio or a tv journalist talking before i sleep
The Car Drives by itself. fictional Horror story
The Shortest and Scariest horror story ever. Real Current Events Canada
I can’t talk about my job and I know I’m alone
The Witch in My Yard
If you see this doll, run.
For those who love Nosleep Narration
Organ collector
Paranormal YouTubers/Youtube channels
This terrified me so much, I haven’t slept since.
I lagged irl
My neighbor has been stalking me (This story is told from the prospective of a 19 year old girl)
Buy TripAdvisor Reviews - Buy 5 star TripAdvisor Reviews
You are my Sunshine.
There’s no such thing as ghosts.
Modo's Parade
It’s 3:00 A.M. and I Don’t Know What To Do Please Help Me
Something took my wife, i don't know what - part 3
My last passenger ruined my life.
In normal circumstances people use to call me a "fat guy".
bubbing oil eyes
A picture in my Calendar was taken Yesterday, and My Friends In it Began Vanishing (Part 1)
I haven't slept in seven years.
She Died With Her Husband And Babie ....
I found a flash drive and now there is people after me
I’ve died before. Well, almost.
The inanimate objects in my home are assholes. But I should heed their warnings.
The Saint Christopher Problem
I know it's not a baby, no matter how much it disagrees.
Please be quiet
Looking for series
We got lost driving at night, on the way to a funeral
Something is wrong with my neighborhood, and I wish i didn't find out what it was.
Snoring Toy Baby
Being a night guard at a military base wasn't what I thought it'd be...
water doesn’t flow red
Fortune-Telling - Part 1
The woman i see in the mirror
I am alive post removed I am alive post removed prove my existence.
I Was There When Epstein Died
The Frequent
Every Night at 3:00am
Something is living in my attic
The shop window
I can still hear his laugh.
Im really sure my teacher is a Phedofile
Hellhounds
My ex fiancé went missing on the 8th of September. His phone was dead since, until i called Friday and it rang before being switched back off. I called probably once a day on average since his disappearance. called again today, and a strange man and woman answers.
The Salesman (an original folk tale)
Missing Gold
A good writer let’s the reader make the conclusions
New YouTube Channel for Paranormal Enthusiasts
Doomed and Hunted
The first entry in my new Deoverse Series/Prophet of Avos miniseries. I hope you like it!
I'm a lifeguard and I see stuff in the pool at night
I'm the police diver for Lake Murdock. I went looking for Wrong Place Wrong Time Rhonda but found much more.
I don't think I'm ever going back to Kossie again, even though it's (sort of) the only snow in Australia
The Book in the Graveyard
I had a lockdown at my school, and my friend never came back from the washroom.
The Boy in the Upstairs Window
some short horror stories
A Warning to Others - found in a Best Western hotel room
Winter chill
I'M A TAXI DRIVER FOR SERIAL KILLERS AND OTHERWORLDLY BEINGS
A Most Wondrous Spell had Been Given to me
I USED TO THINK THE COOKIES AND MILK I LEFT OUT WERE FOR SANTA
The authorities are hiding a new disease from us, people are turning. {Pt 2}
The day I fell into the sky
Something got attached at the morgue. PART 2
The real boogie man and how I met it
I Keep Dreaming About A Little Girl Who Has Gone Missing - I
Last week my neighbor’s apartment was sealed shut. There is something terrible going on inside.
I'm pretty sure I died the other day
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 7
I thought my house was haunted - but it's actually meJackson Zissmier the Car Killer
Someone is in the basement
Proof That The Steineski Effect is Real
When I was 15, I ran away, and something chased me
I took a well-paying job as a nightguard, I received a strange set of rules. Part 2
The People
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
Everything was fine until I heard itDeath Arrived in Gammon, Kansas
Today I Figured Out That This World Has Many Deep Secrets We Are Not Supposed To Know About.
Someone keeps leaving me movie tickets
You already know the rules. Sleep with your feet towards the door.
My Grandmother Labeled Everything She Owned
I am an evil werewolf and my story is heartbreaking
My Own Personal Hell (Part 1)Captain Vinn
A different dimension
Glory be to the Jack-o'-Mantern.
A childhood fear is back
My Friend Found Out The Truth About Fate
EA
The Bartender
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (Part 6)
Creepy box in the middle of the woods
My Uncle's Cabin Part 2: The Cheryl Winslow Interview
The end and the Falling
A POEM ABOUT HOW TO KILL AN ASWANG
I think I met a skin walker.
Site 19: Annihilation- Prelude
Never get high inside your room
Who Could It Be, Now? (Part 3): Mistakes
Shelly.
My Wife Called Today. And Nothing Is What It Seems.
I hear whispers in my headphones part 2
My horror experience from last night
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult -- Part Three: Beyond the Door
If you're reading this do not look for me
I was trying to do what God wanted. But sometimes its hard to tell...
Something attached itself to me whilst I was walking home from work
My four year-old son is in pain; I'm worried this house is killing him
Guys pls respond
Tried to chase ghosts, found something else
Log and Report
The Concierge (Part 1)
Shots
No Light
I love when my Girlfriend cuddles up to me
Her Eyes Are Wrong
The Bedroom On The Right
Our anniversary cruise took a turn for the worse...
Theresa
I met a girl in a videogame lobby a few days ago. I am not sure she is who she claims to be.
What if the Wrong One's HereThe hands are flashing.
I'm BURIED AT SEA and have to warn you before I run out of air (part 2)
My Dog Knows Something About My Family That I Don't
Meditating to the edge of insanity
Insomnimaniac
I Found a Notepad Under a Floorboard at Camp and I Want to Leave
I just got off a strange skype call with my uncle. There's a deranged monkey in the house. It might have military grade combat skills.
Truth or Dare
The FBI is using cannibals to hunt other cannibals. They are currently investigating my neighbor.
um idk what to call this, i wrote this recently
Why I Quit My Job at Michael's
The Keeper
If you hear three knocks DONT LOOK
The fire... Part .1
I need help identifying an episode of Scooby-Doo
Mr. Smiles has a game
Red Peppers
When A Demon Cries. (Part 2)
Whatever you do, don’t go into the Southeast after midnight:
AU REVOIR, AMIGO (PART ONE)
The House with 100 Doors (Part 5): The Faces in the Trees
u/okayguy14 FINAL PART
I figured out how to make the ringing in my ears stop.
Keep the doors closed and locked
The Case of Marshall Jacobs (Part One)
As a child psychologist, I’ve worked with some pretty exceptional patients. Greg was the third.
I had a dream today
I was just seventeen.
Loose change
The Hotel Visit
Disturbing dreams in first stage of sleep.
I'm trying to find someone named Ryan Sweeney
Be home soon
Internet Access
I finally met my father and here's what my mom had to say about him.
Leaving paradise
The walking man (first creepypasta)
Hope
Love Letters To Spacegirl (Part 1)
I just survived a car accident. Soon, I won't have.
I had a dream
Came up with this in my head
I'm haunted by a wraith who eats my flesh
There’s a monster in my ghetto and I’m running out of time
Clones
This restaurant was the only place hiring and the list shows why (part 2)
No One Ever Moves Away from my Hometown
Sometimes horror is simply the bleeding of one’s own heart: Santi-No-Go
Battle of Rebirth Part2
Documentation (01-20-2020) enjoy!
I Think My Family Has Been Replaced
Update: My Last Deployment: Community Service.
The Ultimate Sacrifice
I started working the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules.
The things I’ve seen in my small town.
The Last Straw
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Part 2
The Kelpie
This will be the best Halloween ever
I test driven a car from a dealership. The test drive route had a list of strange rules on the dashboard.
The Blinking Man
I think I'm trapped in a Hallmark movie.
There’s something in the woods behind our house (part 2)
Dirt Under the Nails
Childhood terror
My mom was nearly killed by her deranged stalker
I Said My Prayers. Something Ungodly Answered.
There’s something in these woods
Groupon Meat Ship
i see things
If it snows in summer, don't look out the windows. 1/???
An open letter to anyone considering a deal with the Devil. My advice - do it.Why I stopped running my second-hand bookstore to wander the streets
If you vape and see a juice called “Garra ardiente”, in a vape store, DO NOT vape it, or even buy it. I think it could have did something to my sister.
Found a memory stick at the park with some weird video on it. HELP
They keep calling me
Your entire reality, everything you know, everything you hold dear is going to be destroyed in 36 days and 12 hours. Im so sorry.
My Best Friend has Bad Dreams and I am Her Protector - Part 3: The Protector
Vibrations
I know you’ll help.
The Accomplice
Purple Fog (my first attempt at creepypasta)Talk?
Sweet Potato Casserole
The Mad Monk of Saint Aria's
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (Part 4)
Yesterday I Cut the Tree Down
Repeater
Who Remembers the this Children's Book?
morgz shits his pants
The city I live in lost all of its electricity, now I remember why we are scared of the dark...
it takes root with time
Crabs in the Walls
I learned to not go near something weird or else you will be engulfed in darkness
Scary Black Angel
What Do You Believe In?
I had a strange day in the woods, I think I could have died...
The serpent waits for me to sleep. There's ways to avoid dreaming at night, but sometimes you forget.
I auditioned for a popular TV show. There is something seriously messed up going on with the cast.
Did you ever hear about the Gospel of Judas Iscariot? It's not a story the Church would tell you.
YOU CANT FORCE SOME ONE TO DO SOMETHING THATS ILEGAL IN THE FIERST PLACE
There after me
Life in Casa Mountain
The Sunflower Killers
A dream I can't let go of
Running from Shadows — Further Entries in an Old Diary
The boy and the water bucket
I'm fairly sure my cat saved my life last night.
How I learned of the Rift at the heart of Area 51
Accidental Warp Space Jump... Kinda...
My Wife Wanted a Stray Cat
A Real Life Pedophile Encounter
My boyfriend the sorcerer
Log Entry
My Brother Used to Race Sprint Cars
Don’t get stuck in amboy PART 2
Her boyfriend disappeared, and I had nothing to do with it
Thin Forest
What if the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that the Bible was the word of God?
I had one horrible day in the woods. I think I could have died.
The Ghoul of Ginta
My school is haunted by a demon
We were all happy to get Baxter back, at first.
Most Chilling Text Message from a Mother
I Remember The Imaginary Friends I Had When I Was Younger. They Want To Be Friends With Me Again.
Rachel’s Beauty Vlog
Deals to Die For
I received the diary of a relative, I just saw something terrible because of it.
The Shadows - part one
The Corridors
My boss is trying to get me to come in during a zombie apocalypse
I think I've disappeared (Please help me)
I've Been Stuck In An Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks
Demons Walk Among Us
I'm recovering from a car crash, and I'm afraid some things just don't make sense.
Necromancing the Beautiful
I received a strange call from my neighbor.
I Saw Something.. Unusual in the TV Static that I Wished I Ignored
The silence is deafening
The Girl who Died in my Backyard
nosebleed
Hang man
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage.
CONFISCATED ARTICLE - "June 9th, 2014." (PART 2)
Room 221: Unicode PART I
I have a special eye.
After graduation
I’ve been up for awhile now and I’m being to hallucinate bug and slight shadows
ENCOUNTERS
Are You Listening?
Raccoon family
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules. (Part 2)
Someone is trying to steal my body
The worst sleep paralysis experience I've ever had
I have committed an unspeakable atrocity.
I run a halal food cart
The Dairy of the Friendly Neighborhood Sado-masochistic Psychopath. Vol. 1: The Early Years
I’m being hunted by the creature in the woods SLIGHTLY GRAPHIC
My Great-grandmother’s house
I'm regretting the Mile High Club, because it keeps putting my job at risk
I'm stuck in my mirror and I can't leave...
The Beep
Dr.Milton Archives
The Final Transmission Of Commander Thomas Whitley
My husband used to hurt me
The Trees Are Watching Me
I don't think I should have called Customer Service
I've been living in a gangster's paradise. Its not what you think
Sleep in my eyes
Daisy: My Daughter's Imaginary Sister
My storage room has 2 handles - one of them led me somewhere else (Part 2) FINAL.
Top 2 Survey Sites 2020
I solved the Fermi Paradox and I regret it. This morning I met Matilda.
Over and over
I should have never dropped my license.
I've never been scared of the dark. Now the Gods need my help.
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I’m playing some sick game. (Part 3)
Life is like a house you build to live in.
A strange connection…
My lover broke my heart. Now I've broken his.
I’m here, but they can’t see me
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 4
Don't believe this title
I've been signed up for the weirdest camp in the world.
Mammoth Feed Blue Lagoon
I Am A Human Dollhouse
If you stop reading this, I won't die.
YOU BETTER GO TO SLEEP EARLY!
My grandma passed away 3 years ago..... and I don't think she went to heaven
The tales of simple looking house.
Adventurer's Guide to: The Gaunt Sorrow
My sister has been leaving me concerning voicemails.
Tomorrow will be different, I swear
Grandma Korgine
(Part 1) No Sleep. No Sleep. Can't Sleep.
The Curse of Alexa King?
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #2
AVICHI III
I'm hiding in one of the closets in my school. Everyone is about to die. Help.
Please give me information about this demon
"Someone is typing..."
The woods are alive Pt. 2
Light snow on cold weather ❄️...
Milton Interview #1
The parent of the thing that killed my friend is after me three years later.
I found a lump on my arm, now we're all going to die.
I think I have to quit my job
Everyone battles depression at some point... your time is coming sooner than you think
Yellow eyed copy cat
Narrowing walls and dark places (Part 4)
The Emergency Room (Part Two)
It Whispered From the Dark - Final Entry
The Doctor and the Candy Maker
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - The Eater of Dreams
Maybe a Sign from the Universe?
I’m a taxidermist, and my animals are coming back to life.
Oh, One More Thing...
My Co-Worker has gone missing and I think my Boss has something to do with it
Greists Vacation
Earth Effects
If you're near my coordinates...run
MAMA
Prisoners cinema
The Senses Awakened
The Funeral Home Mirror (Haunted Mirror)
Shapes.
Someone called me and apologized for something that never happened
My town hasn’t spoken in days
I was overnight custodian for a big fitness center. Something is seriously wrong there.
The Watchman
I still believe that despite what I said, she was telling the truth.
My boyfriend disappeared on his way to work and I think something terrible might have happened to him. (Part One)
Our new neighbors keep trying to get us to join a cult
We Have Been In This Escape Room For 12 Hours, and We Solved It...
The dogs know when it is near
"Say your fucking lines"
Crossroads
Greetings! I’m looking for some true Paranormal/Creepy/ghost stories for YouTube!
My Friends and I went Exploring The Abandoned Tunnels and My Friends Never Came Back Out
My lab might've leaked a virus
Or so the story goes...
A Killer is in my Front Yard
I walked home alone last night and narrowly made it out alive.
Twisted Sentiments: Til' Death Did Us Part
It has been six days since the lights flickered
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (Part 3)
Biologist here with an important message: If your missing pet shows back up, don’t touch it.
I Fed A Bot 500 Horror Stories and Made It Write Its Own
It’s 4AM and I feel unrelenting anxiety.
There was something very wrong with the foster kid my parents took in when I was 12 years old
It came from the lake.
The gulper.
I Wish I Never Went To College
I got into a stranger's car in the middle of the night. It was perhaps the safest decision I've ever made.
He needs to go.
The Black Hole of Room 118
The Thing of Archery Range Road
maybe everything will be believed to be a dream eventually.
everyone is disappearing. i’m afraid i’m next
The school has rules for a reason.
I was Called to Repair a RadioThe Night
The Good Die Badly: Part 2
I Need Advice And My Brothers Won't Talk to Me
The walking man (First Creepypasta)
Turns Out I Cannibalized My Best Friend
Further Experiences From A Police Officer in a Former Colonial Town
Four years ago, a woman drowned on the street outside my house.My Darling Joanne
My Grandfather Died Writing His Will
I’m going to kill myself
There's been a tornado warning for the past three days. I don't think whats outside is a tornado. Part 2, Finale
Nell’s House
No caller ID
They keep knocking
Dinosaurs still exist...
Eat Popcorn! Drink Blood!
Alone: Voices
Stuck
I work for the anti-cryptid special forces part 2
The Nightly Run
I sent them there to die, and they brought me along (Pt. 1)
Pale girls
My School Isn't What it Seems
The man from my nightmares just visited me
Perfect Family
"You know you are welcome, when the host offers you the WiFi password."
The Giggling Girl
The Birth of the Skaven
10's a good finishing number
The Thing in the Shed
Internet :(
An axe
Autocorrect
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 5) FINAL
It knows I see it, and I’m pretty sure it likes it
hey, does anyone here know what story this is? I’ve been looking for the name everywhere, but can’t find it
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything (Part 2)
My dear bestfriend
https://giphy.com/gifs/RobertEBlackmon-reality-tv-dirt-robert-e-blackmon-IbBq9Xn0qe9VUYsiEx
I had to write a story including fear for an English assignment, this is what i wrote
The Risen
True story My husband's car was broken into, but the burglar left something behind.
I’m a night janitor and there’s something weird going on at the Sunset Gardens Senior Living Facility
Overwhelming Objects
She's Gone!
Cape Cod Family Memories
Why must you cry 2
I Think I'm Psychic. I Hope I'm Wrong.
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Are Watching Me (Part 2)
Amber Alert
The Waking Hell 1 - Give in
Don’t read the Robo text messages!
I dont think l know what l was dealing with
Out of Character...Quick QuestionI hate adverts on youtube videos
Moncton Noir. Part I
My Sister Wears a Pillowcase
Ghost Blow Candles
The Bassinet
True Life: It Follows Me Part 1
Rush hour train is packed - even though there were only me.
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 1)
The Unknown 6th Floor
Room 560: closet
I didn’t think it was possible.. please help.
Daddy showed me something weird at the slaughterhouse.
I just got a new Job at the supermarket and these rules seem unusual. part 1
It'll show me its if I show it mine. (Part 2)
Just Ignore Them (CREEPYPASTA)
Never Buy A House on Craigslist!
The family curse was worse than I imagined.
Something manipulated me into thinking it was my deceased twin sister...
I found a top secret base miles underground
My Dead Girlfriend Ellen Keeps Telling Me She Wants Us To Have A Baby
I Don't Like The Deals My Agent Makes
A Night On Tor
Strange changes- new beginnings
A conversation with Death
I'm a time traveler, who is out of ideas, and I have a message for you.
I’m stuck in my grandmas house and shes gone
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (The Maze, Pt. 2)
I Created An ARG For Fun... Now the ARG's Trying to Create a New Me
Connie
The story He made me write part 1
it’s so late and I’m boooooored
Dark water
I am Possessed
Returned from a weird op.
In June of 2018 I have been murdering my wife over and over again every day of the month.
Cottage Country
I Found a "Message in a Bottle" From a Lost Arctic Expedition (Part One)
The Finger
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity.
Up on the tower (part 1)
The Grim Reaper is among us. (Part 2)
Bubble tea girl
The Playlist
Who's there?
Mom and I lived in the woods
Legacy
Inheritance
I am going to hunt a Wendigo
In the Face of Pain There are No Heroes
osjhkdj
The Screaming in the Walls
i’m 14
I'll never go out to sea again.
The monster my family lived with had rules. I was thirteen when I learned what happens when you break them.
I took up a job as a night guard. I don't know how much more of this I can take.
Rooms 1-4
My mother swears she met a ghost at an amusement park
First Dark-Matter Blot Discovered (Disproportionate Tentacled Thing)
Are you, Among Us?
The Darkness comes at Dawn
This virus isn't what it seems.
I bought a new house and there is something down there in my basement
An Offering
The bad man with his mom that was homeless.
Found a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell. (Part II)
Something's gone wrong
New house
Some Good Luck Charms Are Stronger Than Others
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. Now I hunt demons.
Failure in Five Senses
Something is seriously wrong with my ex
Nightmare stories part two
What are you staring at?
Why would she say this if it wasn’t true?
Smiles, Parts 1-3
The stalking in california
A few weeks I overdosed (trigger warning)
Ten pathways
Avoid Bleedtown at all costs
I’m scared to sleep
Something is wrong with the birds and whatever it is can't be good
Cometh the Ice-Man.
I Should Never Have Carved That Pumpkin
People need to know.
Around us
My Amber
Paralysis.
My Beautiful Moonlight Lover
(my first story) is it there?
The maniacal laughter is coming
I'm Falling Apart.
Mr. Happy
The Scariest Part About Being a Physchic
Mr. Oop
My foster care adventures. The mental facility part two.
Never go back to the crime scene at night
I know now where she went.
A Gift From the Far Realm.
The Hartley Kids’ Demon
True story.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
Doorways
My girlfriend was standing by the window and sleeping next to me
She helps us do justice in our dreams
Feel Good and True
There's this boy in the woods who is always talking to this tree.. (Part 1)
I work at a top secret bio lab, I feel it’s my duty to share this with the world.
This could be the end.
Cherokee Windigo
How the Scarecrow Died
Pit: Book 1- Episode 1
A call for help
Meaning Comes not out of Death, but the Life that Came Before it
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota
Tell me a Story - Conclusion
There are 7 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Lust can be a suffocating, sickening experience.
A Girl's Story
Crackhoe hours
It's not real, is it?
I Disappeared from the Colorado Woods 12 Years Ago
Mariana's Web
Need Advise
My house has rules and I think I found out what happens if you don't listen.
I'm a game developer with a horrifying hidden secret
I'll Be Quitting My Job Soon
Just a Dream
Oh.... that was Strange...
The Pony that Travelled Through Time
A betrayal
Чугунная решётка гриль СИБИРЯЧКА!Для гостевого дома БЛАГОДАТЬ!
The Falling into Freedom from Fear (3F) Ritual
Unsavory Sweets
Friday 13th March 2005
I called the NSPL, but by the end I was more worried for my life than ever
I've been cold since that night.
From Stockholm to hell (Final)
The Shadow Figure in 5B
I have some guests tonight...
The Woman with the Long Black Hair in the Long Black Dress
I Can't Seem To Remember My Dreams
My parent's aren't Home
No Sleep App
My sister in law keeps posting pictures of her baby on the internet and it's freaking me out
Young Girl Caught On Digital Camera
The storming night that ended my existence.
X's Meat Story
The silhouette
It Comes Out At Night
Room 813: Point Pine's newest attraction
THE SLEEPING NUN
Frame - If you see Mylee
Somebody has been mailing me vases filled with ashes
Don’t know if this belongs here but uh
My life as a human test subject
I think I found my best friends kidnapper on tiktok (Part 1)
Does Anybody Remember Liveman?
Babysitter: Call 2**-5**-****
Desperate Times call for an Update
There’s something disturbing going on at “Happy Fun Time” daycare
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (part1) (FIXED)
I survived camping. My pride and dignity, however, did not.
A late walk home
The whisperer (long story)
THE STRANGEST EVENTS IN HISTORY - 5 UNEXPLAINED FACTS
I wanted to be a good martial artist. Now I'm dangerous and I hate it (Part 2)
Deadly Light on the Lake - A True Horror Story
I'm living in a abandoned house Whit something hiding in the basement
The Girl on the Tram
"Bye Mommy"
The one time I was almost molested by an older man at a library
My parents sent my brother away, and I'm worried that I'm next.
The will
Jessa's Cake Smash - Creepy Submission
My new house is great, but there’s something off... (PART 2)
There is someone in the atticI am Possessed
18th Century Lady (?)
I found a journal of a murderer in a forest close to my town with fairly recent incidents (Finale)
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right
My Husband Attacked an Inflatable Santa, And It Cost Him His Life.
Almost kidnapped as a child
Stay Away From the Bunker in Minnesota
Humanoid creature was chasing the carWasps and bees can't mate, can they?
Head Burst
True Scary Apartment Story
A Dream of Mine Haunts Me; I Aimlessly Wonder In A Never-ending Hall.
(pt.1) The tall creeper
My city now has a superhero...so why are people terrified?
Every Night At 2:46 AM My Soul Leaves My Body, But It Was Too Good To Be True. Part 1
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 2)
Russian Wraith, or why you shouldn't stay late at the office.
The one who sees my actions.
I stayed on a creepy hotel and it have some weird rules part 1
My family survived an apocalypse... PART 2
The guy I'm into is being haunted by a demon
WHAT A STRANGE PLACE, THE COUNTRYSIDE *PART ONE*
The rules to survive a day in my home
I am locked outside of something I never left
I think something is wrong with me
My Children Got Me Committed to Centrelake Mental Health Clinic, and I Don't Think I am Getting Better
Wolf man horror
I Laughed When My Dad Died
My pretty little porcelain doll - Part I
Night Security Nearly Killed Me Part 2 of 3
Our Eleusis
The Scissor man
Creepiest 911 call list I found online! I decided that I'd make a challenge and see who is the toughest one here!
It was just a bad dream.
The students in my dorm won't stop partying
Every day at 1 AM, we have to completely lock our houses. (Part 1)
Don't eat food left for the dead, my mother always said
Ghost adventures
We Discovered a New Human Species in Mammoth Cave
Why can't I sleep?
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 5
My Great-Grandfather encountered something horrifying during World War I.
Host
Serving in the US Army
If you get a call asking about a "breathing treatment", hang up.
i found place that don’t exist
I Encountered A Cult In An Abandoned Tunnel Last Night.
I Sell Vintage
My name is Ashton Rivers &amp; today, I met a God. It Gets Weirder: Final Update (Part 11)
You’ve heard of Bloody Mary and the Slenderman, but have any of you ever heard the story of Whistlin’ Willy?
Laughing Man
Looking for a Nosleep Podcast episode
I woke up in the woods next to a dead body. Part 3
Into the Trees Pt6: Find the Girl
I think I’m.. not human..
Time Has No Patent
Breakfast Time
What if I told you...
I work at a very popular vinyl record store that’s haunted, and no one knows...
My Cat Want To Kill Me
Not Your Average Zombie Apocalypse
I Moved to the Suburbs About a Month Ago
Paranoia?
Caitlin
I’m an employee at an unusual movie theater. We don’t open 'Screen Zero' to the public.
Smoke in the Mirror pt 1 &amp; 2
I can tell if - and when - a place will become a site of violent death
WHO WIN
Lost Scene 6 of Othello
My gun is speaking to me
Never Speak Ill of the Dead
We played on the Ps2
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 11)
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #3 - Charlotte: Origins
insomnia
SKELETRON PRIME HAS AWOKEN!
Ten years ago he left me video tapes of evil, disturbing and vile things. I have found them again. I still see him. I see him in the screens. Has anyone else seen him? Has anyone else seen The Television Man? (Part 1)
Prayer Circle
Under the riverbed...
Need help responding. part 1?
The consuming darkness.
My husband's best friend Seth.
If i disappear get this to the police... but not my local police.
Donner Pass, Camp Winthers, Devil's Peak
Someone followed us out to our remote wooded cabin and took pictures of me
I need u man 💞
I had to pop out the house at night, in the middle of a cold January winter... there was a reason I felt so unnerved.
Mr Blue Sky
The Red Man is Real: The Burning Woman (Part 2)
Just Another Day
I’m scared and I need help, someone might have tried breaking into my apartment
Steven
I started working in the corporate world and it's nothing like i've ever imagined. (part 1)
COVID-19 Fatalities Could be Hiding Something Much Worse, Officials Say
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage.
There's a weird creature in my school.
Someone threatened my high school club. Two days later, my best friend disappeared. (Advice, legal or otherwise, is appreciated.)
I matched with a very weird girl on Tinder
Odd Jobs: The Hollow Pattern
A silhouette in the dark part 1
You need to rest
I was in a terrifying situation at the clothes store.
I Made a Grave Mistake...
Here's my first horror story called "Sunshine Academy". I had a few inspirations making it
Your Guide to Obtaining a Job at the Ryce Property
Something on the weather segment of the news tonight caught my eye
I was sent to investigate an arctic research facility that went dark. What they couldn’t tell me almost killed me.
Something Different in my Six Years of Teaching (Part 1)
My best friend that I've known for 20 years has gone missing. I found something extremely disturbing in his house. (Part 1)
The Ghost That Haunts the Blood
I’m Farmer Ray, and today I had to try to save the clan from a little grey alien
i can travel back in time for 11 minutes, and i was spending time to a girl who got murdered
These machines are getting a little old.
What the hell pricked me? Part 4
I'm being stalked, by something that isn't human
Lake Entity
I'm in a IRL Creepypasta
Robert; your local grocery store parking lot solicitor
The Slender Man Isn't Real... I've Been Stalked By Something Worse...
The Beginning
Everything Is Frozen in Time, Except for Me, the Crows, and the One Controlling the Crows
Strange things happen in the Ohio Valley
The pit in my backyard says it’s hungry....
My little girls birthday wish
I have been stuck in the hospital for three days now, with no end in sight
The sixth night and the fox
When the chimney speaks
Kit
Roommate troubles
Arrow boy in my apartment
eat.mov
There's something wrong with this town
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Enter the Aqua Doors
The Ladder
Don't close your closet
Has anyone heard of the red hair red hair girl game?
I have never done online dating again from this day
I drove the new girl home from the bar. There's only one way out. (Part 4)
One day, I woke up in my room I felt a hand around me, assuming it was my wife I went over to look over at her and then found out it was a man!
A new patient arrived at the nursing home. She’s not a normal patient.
The Anchor
Mimes are scarier than clowns
Free Bird
I think my father was an Angel.
Alexa is always Watching me Part 2
Pals Of Pain
They Dream I Have Almost Every Night
I can't shake the feeling I'm being watched.
Pandemic (part 4)
My husband is still driving but won't stop staring at me (Part 2)
I am a hacker and sometimes things shouldn't be found
01001001 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101100 01101100 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101 01101111 01101110 01100101 00100000
There's something wrong with my little brother...
Scars
You Know The Ocean Holds Many Secrets
Hoodie. Please tell me how I can make it better and scarier. Also how should the story continue: which Alex turning into Hoodie or Alex stopping Hoodie?
The Grandfather Clock
My Cousin is a Criminal
I've been going through local newspaper archives for a school project and I came across this article from 1947, one of the dinner guests sent someone to check on the wife a few days later and found her in the middle of making more stew, most of the article was put together from her confession.
Our Cabin In The Woods
Goodbye Daniel
You only live once – or, in my case, multiple times, having to go through the excruciating process of death every single one of them
I was a Tarot reader with a sizable client list. One day, I had to stop.
What are friends for?
The howl of the wolf
Am I still in a dream?
I just woke up in my car. I am in a large city. Please help.
A Guide from A Monster Hunter Part VII (FINALE)
Tapping in the attic
The Secret Behind Our School's Cult.
Full moon wish spell i am not responsible what might happen if u do this spell use with caution and beware what u wish for .
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART EIGHT
A follow up to my original post.
Mysterious woman in a dress
It is ready. We are free. It is ready.
The Witch of the Woods
Fred the Fly
I am being framed for the murder of my husband.
Hi my name is Ashley and I really need your help!!! This is an emergency!!!
The man under the streetlight, series maybe (it happened twice)
The Boy in the static costume(part 1)
I work as a guard at an abandoned warehouse and some very weird stuff is happening
When The Owls Start Talking, Don't Drink the Water
The Untethering
Why are there dolls in my new apartment?
I sold my soul on eBay.
The writing on the mirrors
I found a voice recorder and this is what's on it
Raventown Part Two
Blackfish 7
I despise public restrooms
The Fatal Mistake
A prestigious school’s downfall
I dream about a house in the woods
I think my daily nightmares are coming true.
The Graffiti Whispers in Paris
Don't Go To Bobbin Mill
No eyes
I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy. Job #2 was a real shit sandwich.
The forsaken archaeological site
I Inherited a Crazy Job From My Grandfather and Trust Me, It’s Not a Job You Would Want.
The Shade (Part 1: Introduction)
3:13 a.m.
I went into a haunted mine near my house and what I saw there scarred me
Looking for my missing sister (Part 2)
Mulberry Road
Burned Alive or Buried Alive... If You Had to, Which Would You Choose?
"The Hallway"
Neighbours
I regret buying this apartment
I tested a device that lets you see what others are seeing. No matter how horrible it is.
Looking for a certain story? please help
I can't fall asleep... but no one else will wake up.
Someone keeps writing cryptic messages on the bathroom stall (Part 1)
I keep living others deathsThe Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 4 *Final Volume*
I Worked On A Farm For A Guy On Craigslist
Help,This is my last hope
Scapegoat
Mindbender: The Beginning of the End
I regret moving to Alaska (Final)
The Road Kill on Rabbits Run Road pt. 3
Today I discovered where my clone came from. I think he might be in danger.
It wasn’t a real cab
What i watch after i watched evrything on yt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYBIz0FQdII
Don't Forget your headlights, especially in the rain
The Day I Woke Up Blind
"We'll just make another one"
Home invasion or Paranormal ? You decide ( **REAL** True story )
Everyone in my family is assigned an hourglass when they are born.
MIRROR
Weird dream
The Bayou
I've been asked to participate in the annual hunting trip at Clover Valley
The Girl With No Teeth.
War is Hell, and the Angels are Dead
I said a prayer so that my wife would come back. But the prayer was not anchored to any god.
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Lust/Envy (Part 3)
A Collection of Recurring Dreams - Part 2 - "An Absolute Darkness"
Annie96 is typing...
I Am An Officer In A Town Far From Society In Argentina (PART 1)
A Revenant Stalks The Isle of Man
This a log from a German scientist creating a sort of bio-weapon during WWII. (Leaked)
Everyone in my neighborhood plants a corpse in their backyard. You do not defy the soil
Something Horrible Happened My Sophomore Year Continued
there was a poltergeist living in my house and he killed me (fictional)
Sparrow Eaters
I work as part of a research team in Greenland. We think we've found Noah's Ark.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
Ghost story
I see things behind my house In the woods
When Your Phone Buffers, You Should Be Concerned
I wish i didn't respond
Finally got around to uploading the details and the drawing from my dream journal! Sorry for the rant at the end but I've been feeling down for months.
The Zoo I worked at has strange rules and guidelines. Someone died on my first day.
Something was waiting for me in the garbage room.
I Bought A Used TV That Can Show Me The Future. Something Bad Happens In A Week.
Poltergeist? Version french and english
I started working nightshift at the local gas station, but something strange has been happening
My encounter with the TikTok account
A friend told me about a man without a back that he saw on the beach
What did I just see?
Unexplained stories
This might not be bad but
The forest saved my life, but I don't know why (Part 2)
Doing the dishes sucks.
the air the chokes us
Never Visit The Deep Web Site smileyfaceheart.onion :) ♡
I saw a child get taken by the pond
M
The Execution of Robert M. Davis
I found these notes in a computer and thought I share it for you.
Manpig
A trip to the theater
Heading Towards The End Part Two
In the Deep
I fell asleep for a moment and woke up driving on a road I’d never seen before
Warhouse walker Part 2
I'm at my uncle's house in the woods and tonight I let the housekeeper and her son sleep over. They were waiting for me
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry that I ever did. (Part 3)
NSA Spy Satellite Receives Chilling Transmission From Europa. Decrypted Just Now, it is titled "THE HUMANE SOLUTION"...
The Car
The Nightmarchers
The Seance
"The Clouder" Part 2.
ENTRY #220 09/2/2019 JOURNAL OF VICTIM #1
TEN RULES FOR NIGHT SECURITY GUARD | PART 1 - HORROR STORY
The Homeowners Association
The Never-Named.
I am cursed
Four or Five friends used to get together for game night until one came up dead..
I love myself. In this I am Singulair.
Lollipop
ISO creepypastas I can't seem to find
Sleeptalker
Horrorscopes: March 1nd- March 8th
Creepy childhood school
Never split up in a cave.
Have you seen my doppelgänger?
I found a mysterious box in my backyard after a storm, and now I need your help.
My Friends Eat Bad People. They've Been Growing Hungry
The ODD one
There's Something Wrong with this Cul-de-sac
Maxwell: Raising A Psychopath
Creation Of The World Good Vs Evil
the in black and white
Who Could It Be, Now? (Part 1: Spark)
Christmas At My Hotel
My cat likes looking out the window
My buddies and I went camping in an isolated forest. We found a child wandering in the dark (with audio recordings)
Whatever I opened on my email made me a monster.
Hey guys I have a small YouTube channel (barely 80 subscribers) where I post horror/creepy stories. If any of you guys want to me to post your stories just let me know :)
I know I'm being manipulated
The Backrooms
The Lock Down
Serenity
My friend asked me to watch over his house one night. What happened after is truly horrifying...
The thing that follows me is starting to get stronger
The soft scratching never wakes me
There's Something in the Room With Me
Be careful when using Sleep-aid Apps.
Hello Diner
I buy a Pumpkin Spice LatteI run a Air BnB. It’s completely free, but I have some unusual rules. (Part 1) Rule 12: The Basement
How i killed Herobrine (FOREVER)
I found a very old item in my cellar. (Part 1)
Do you believe in demons? I do. (Part 2)
I went into Ikea to get some screws, I'm now stuck in an endless Ikea. #1
My School Is Ritually Sacrificing The Students: The Creatures
I work at a facility that keeps high tech weapons locked up
I found a statue in the woods, now it haunts my dreams. (part 3)
For as long as I can remember, the Wall has stood at the end of my garden. Tonight, I go through to the other side.
Lost King of Eden
Please keep reading this is the only way i can reach you
My daughter doesnt sleep with her nightlight anymore
Stairs
My dog, Mr Midnight
My Dreams Come True.
The Book of Autonomancy (part 4)
My student died and everytime I see her, somebody I know dies.
Darkness
If you hear 3 knocks at 3 am, hide!
The black creature
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart
I Live in a Town Full of Serial Killers. Someone is Killing Us One by One (Pt. 1)
The pattern of unlife/A discordant rhythm
I think my friend wanted me to know something.
The Hunhaxtchee
Puppet Spiders: Girlfriend
51 : The Night of blood
Subject Arkham evaluation log
There’s a noise in my room that is keeping me up tonight
The tale of a phycopath.
So, I found this article in my local newspaper. Does anyone know anything about this?
Friendly Trees pt.?
My haunted Catholic primary school
The Beast Within Part. 1
Rainy days.
I Followed an Angel of Death and Read her Diary
I kissed her under the mistletoe and she disappeared. Over 40 years later, she returned.
Do you see? (Part 3, Finale)
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
The Backwoods Of Somerset,
The Beast is lurking, and it wants you to follow it.
Don't ever use a sleep talking app if you have sleep paralysis
The time I went to an abandon house on Halloween.
The walls hold their screams, and I can't hear my own.
The Spider's Cave
The Ghost of Christmas Future Won't Always Show You What You Want to See
Can I have some Karma.
I thought the school’s P.A systems were usually down.. Whatever the teachers said, I’m terrified. (1)
I'm a real time traveler.
I tried to pursue my lifelong goal, but it got me in trouble
Love Letters to Spacegirl (Finale)
I Was Alone Until I Wasn't
I still feel it in me
I'm not hungry anymore
pestilencewarfamineDEATH
The Emerald Orchid - Creepypasta (My first story)
Name this movie!!
Has Anyone Ever Heard of the Crotch-Rot and Anal Annihilator Show? This is Why We Ended the Show
I found a tape I wasn’t supposed to listen to.
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I have some stories to tell. Part 5
All Right Now
I plan to turn myself in soon
The Lucid/Vivid Dream That Lasted 1000 Years (part2) The Clash of The Valkyrie
Majoras Mask scary encounter.
The Talent: The Conclusion
My local mall i work at had some pretty strange rules yesterday.
I work at a secret observatory. I learned the strange truth of our extinction.
The Last Ride of Roy Wilson (Part 3)
Listen for the rain, when you hear it, run.
Please don’t look up 14444
War is Hell, There's a Devil Lurking Outside Our Door
I met my D&amp;D character and he said some pretty weird stuff
The Change
Part of my story, seeking answers
I had a terrible heartache this morning
Something Really Weird Happened At My Summer Camp P2
The Night Stalker (Part 2)
Why Won't The Crocodile Leave Me Alone
I'm stuck on a ship, with a beast.
The Final Days ( Records of The End)
Who’s in the attic?
I Have No Clue Where I Am or How I Got Here
Paranormal Horror Comedy
I might be able to see the undead - And I hate it
Don't move to Sunny Oakland Avenue.
The Island Sky
I'm Staying With My Aunt Who I've Never Met Before And I Feel Like Something Is Very Wrong Here
Girlfriend May Do Something To Me
Should I kill somebody?
Ex FBI Chief Ted Gunerson - Account Of Snake Man Encounter On Halloween
I Saw A Monster Under My Bed
please don't ban me I just want to be on r/madlads
I am NEVER going to do a Night Walk again – Part Two
ive got a ghost in my back yard
Maybe the National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Shenandoah
I'm an Uber Eats Driver. Someone tried to kill me last night.
I visited a place called "Fish Hell".
Little Handprints on the Mirror
Paradox
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Yesterday, I made two emotional discoveries: the downside of having Zoe, and a door in the dome
Remembering
No caller ID part II
What short story/creepy pasta kept you up at night?
The scariest thing that's ever happened to me.
My Strange Experience Visiting A Relative In What I Think Was A Prison
Why can't I wake up?
My Plane Crashed Above The Pacific Ocean. We Survived, But There Is Something Terribly Wrong.
Graveyard
Road Signs
I went in for surgery. What the doctor's found will haunt me forever.
How To Be Happy
Family Game Night
The door by the bus
My experience being abandoned and lost in the wilderness for 37 hours with no food or water.
The Slender Man - A homage to old creepypastas. Part one
Up In The Yukon
Writer's block
There had been a secret hidden in my office’s database, and it’s only gonna get worse if anyone try to access it again
I think I'm inlove with my sleep paralysis demon (Part 1)
I need HELP
How I got these two brothers to finally get along. Who knows, it could work for you...
Mods are asleep upvote..
Ho. Ho. Hopeless.
My children aren’t allowed Christmas wishes anymore, because some come true
I Feel Like I'm Not Alone Anymore...(Pt 1)
JAB-76842-11
Protocol 6 is Not Classified
Advice needed: creature won’t leave me alone.
Ive been awake for 14 days, and they won’t stop screaming..#1
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar. Part 4.
I Play Rituals: Man in the Fields
My neighbors went insane. Now they knock on my door every night. I won't let them in.
My new dog is scaring me (PART II)
I didn't mean to . . . I was just playing and it went off. Help me fix my daddy?
His Voice
Hiding
The Last Road Trip. Part 1 of 2.
When I visited my hometown in India
Comprehensive School was a Nightmare.
This haunted music video was designed by Satan himself
11 Rules for Dipshits who Bought a Haunted House
My Friend Saw... Something Late At Night
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried
Steak Part 2
The Bengalu
I Just Needed a Job
The Brunswick Sludge Walker
There’s a Man In the Baby’s Room
There's this urban legend about the dragonfly
I did past life regression and now I'm terrified (part 1)
i am a person and this scary thing happened to me
My Apartment is Haunted and I Have Proof
Have You Ever Made A Wish In A Wishing Well?
See the Moon Rising
My son saw the waxy man outside his window, then he went missing.
It’s been a bad week…
I recently got a job as a park ranger
Never go to Bleedtown
Eyes on You Part 2
Dead memories
The spider epidemic. (Part 1)
Maybe someone here knows what happening
I was my mother's muse, but it nearly killed me.
Poltergeist Virus: Genesis
those little feelings
The Hundred Eyed God: I found my roommate's journal
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed while camping. What is said is deeply disturbing. Part 1
REAL EXPERIENCE ALIEN BEEPING
Arbiter of Funereality
Stray Kitten
“Stand clear of the closing door, please.”
This is weird!
TV For Sale
Stairway to Heaven
the forest creature
Time Is Not What It Seems
The Scariest Monster Is Fate
Found a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell. (Part 4)
My Demon, Pt. 1: It Started With Dreams
If you can read this post, that means Harley's magic worked.
Have you ever seen the Black Sun?
Kosmos 954
We all wear masks. Until ash wednesday.
The Man (A Short Story)
A short cosmic horror story I wrote for a school project, called "somethings are better left unknown" keep in mince im only 13 and this is my first horror story and it might have a few typos and not be as good as some other stories on here. tell me how it is
Reflections on the 1992 Chuck E. Cheese Ball Pit Incident
Press ENTER to Begin
We found our neighbor locked in our bathroom.
This happened last night i’m not sure why there was a spirit presence next to my bed
The Dancing Body
Please help me something is after me and I'm not sure I can avoid it for much longer.
A strange guy suddenly appeared in my house and has washed my mom's brain! She swears that he is my father, but it is not true.
I have heard The Bells of Yggdrasil and Its Roots are threaded through me and you can Hear Them with me
I Witnessed the Death of an Angel- Part 2
A Game With Death Part 1
The Curse of Dark Mountain Final
Chronicles of a Fallen Angel: The Night I Told My Friend The Truth pt.2
The Stolen Me
The Dark Web Is Now Impacting Dating Apps
I keep getting random airdrops
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City.
Natasha the pregnant ghost
My Lover is Dead
True story of Something whispering my name to me
Mrs. Johnson Was a Regular Middle School Teacher.
Why the Dead Don't Come Back
Today was scary
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret.
I'm a monster that's hired to hunt other monster (Part 3)
| the haunted house | pt. 1
The Lucid/Vivid Dream That Lasted 1000 Years (part1) Death &amp; Ascension
If you live in Texas, get out. Now
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (part 1)
Someone is trying to kill me...(part 1)
Evangeline P.1 Ch. 2
NoSleep Interview with HerCreation!
The Stormwalkers Gaze
My flatmate put a curse on me using her jinns and I don't know what to do
Reincarnation with a twist - My Theory
Cotton candy anxiety
Purge night
The dreams are more than you think
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I just had the worst experience of my life. (Part 6)
I don't know if I am living in an alternate reality.
A Good Night's Sleep
View this on your own safety
The things in the woods
I've Discovered A NEW Bird Species in Washington
The cat is concerned about me...
Out of the woods
Mr. Reynolds's Dick
If you hear The Mummers calling, stay inside.
Rapper almost nvr existed
I think I am being stalked by something and I don’t know why...
Hhh
The delay on my TV is starting to worry me…Pt2
If the sky goes dark in the middle of the day, hide! (Part 2)
A Very Demanding Internship
I ain't checking my fuckin' messages, nigga.
Let's Make A Deal: a letter to you
Yes
Final warning about the neurolink
I took a job on a cargo ship and found a list of rules
My town changes when the sun sets for 2 months (End)
Digging
The Hypochondriac
The Time I Found Hair in My Old Apartment
Wildflowers
I received a strange figure that I think is trying to control me.
Something's wrong with my town.
Please read
The man with one horn
I survived a chainsaw massacre
My Dog Loves Me Too Much
We sent our son to a teenage weight loss camp, and he came back heavier. And that's not the worst of it.
Something terrible came with the rain
The Guardian of the Neighborhood
Gunshots
There is only one of us.
A Safe Place to Live
My grandmother stays locked in the attic....unless she got out.
Another.
I work at a sleep clinic that deals with dream disorders, but my latest patient isn’t actually dreaming
My family is more than a 'Christian Cult'
Don't leave autoplay on while watching youtube videos
I grew up in a small town that made all children meet the ‘Angel Reaper’ (part 1)
Anything to feed my kids Part 2
There's an imposter Pt1
The hall
Don't Wake Up
The abyss looked at me
So, I’ve Met the Weizmanns, Have You?
I work at a fire lookout tower and I’ve seen some crazy stuff (1)
Hellish Trip Report
Dairy of a Rose 2
Karma is real, and it isn't what you think it is.
The Burned Man.
I live in Ireland and I believe Fairies are real
A cure for apathy, rules of engagement.
The Burger Stand
My dog runs in her sleep.
Jon was a good man but its not as if hes really gone.
A scarecrow appeared near my home and it's being joined by others
I SAW AN EPISODE OF MY FAVORITE SHOW IM PRETTY SURE ISNT REAL.
Something followed me as I was walking home one night.
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 6)
"How would you like to die today?"
Creepy REAL stories
That Time We Couldn't Sleep, Because My Daughter Can See Ghosts
Don't take the 234 on a Tuesday Night
Nameless Dance of the Fireflies
The Baby I Was Going to Name Jacob
The God We Know
I used to work as a mall Santa, but one boy’s Christmas list made me quit.
When it rains, it pours
My friend lived an interesting life
I was terrified of my closet as a child...
His Imaginary Friend Brought Snacks
There's A Corpse In My Bed
Chip, the alien
Shredded.
Have you ever been in a cult?
A sleepless night
They were out of lemons
Ophelia
My Cousin Wrote A Letter Just Days Before He Died.
I Thought it was a Fever
IF THESE WALLS
I Was Born In 1998, But I'm 375 Years Old (Part 1)
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Midress Women Flat Oxford Casual Classic Shoes Pointed Toe Butterfly-Knot Walking Classic Flats Shoes Low Block Heel Slip On Shoes
Dark Shepherd
I'm Not Gang Gang. Please Don't Let Drake Find Out.
I think these regular customers are stalking me.
I still don't know who entered my house that night.
drunk guy gets no sleep and makes bad decisions
SuperMarket Memoirs 10: Flower Child
-help me-
Real fact, just happened. Saw my reflection in a mirror while sleeping.
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 2
The Obstacle in Our Path
I heard screams from my bathroom
The infamous "Filler Killer" and my fear of gas stations
The Tales We Tell
It Is Watching Me From The Dark
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this one got to me.
Habits Of The Insane
When a Mysterious Jester Hijacked the Theatre Auditorium
It Lives in the Midwestern Wilderness
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Other times, it’s the bigger things.
A true story with no names.
Bleeding Gums
The Ability To Recognize Rage In A Woman's Eyes
The Elevator Game, Have you played?
The Manila Series: The Minivan &amp; the Scent of Death (Part I)
My house is haunted by a demon, and it won´t let me go.
Looking for info about a pill I took
People Are Following Me (Part one)
All the kids in my town are doing a new drug called 'Worming'... It Gets Weirder (Part 4)
I think my neighbours next door are vampires (Part 1)
I'm happy I've got cats
I found a slave's autobiography
The Veiled Valley
I followed my dog into the night
Never ask a higher up in your dream when you'll die. You might not like the answer.
If I had known another person was there, I never would have gone.
The house of hex (Part 1)
Siberia 1996
He lives in the moon
THE SPIRE IN THE WOODS. WHERE CAN I BUY A COPY?!?!
My Home Away From Home
The most disturbing discovery I ever had to witness
If you live in the Jelenia Góra area and are the 30% of people who are not night zombies, evacuate your home while it's still light.
Don't let article thiefs earn money from your stories
mind corruption #1 - stitches
My life was strange since i moved here
The Bridge
Speech-to-text test logg̵̡̙̻͈͉̠͈̰̰̗̲̜̭͉̗͕̙͔̃͆̉͑́̌̇͗̀͒͐͋͆͐͊̑̽͒͆̅̿̉̀͜͠͝͠ş̵͕͓̝̞̀͒́̌̕͜͝ḩ̶̧̧̖̖̰̱̠̻̙͖̞̠̜͇͖̮̩͌̀͆̓̽̇͐̓́̌͂̆͋̓͌̈̃̑̏͊͌͌́̎̚͜͜͜s̷̪͙̱̯̩̫̱̰̮͎̣̝̘̬͙̻͙̀̀̍̈́̾͊͛̽̅̋͊̊̇͊̆̃̋̍͐̈̚͘̕͜h̶̛͔̞̰̳̙̤̃̑̐̌̊͊̌̈̂̀̈̓͗̈́́͑s̵̨̧͍̩͔̙̼̜̮̟͍̘̠̙̺̲̖̖͕͎͉̣̣͋̂͛͑͒͌͠ḧ̵̢̡̨̛̰͔͖̝͎̞̪̤̥͎͍̜̪̣͔̳̭̘̫͔͕̠̞́̿̉̑͋̊͌̍͗̌̔̎̀͘͜͜ͅj̵̛͂͗̆̃̇̈́́̈́̏̈́̈̿̅͒̚͘͝
All My Friends Are Dead People
I’m an man, I went for fertility treatment, it’s not what I expected...at all.
I brutally murdered a child when I was 15
Fall Asleep Once, Wake Up Twice
My friend and I traveled to a different reality
What’s Your Favorite Ice-Cream?
Myths, Beasts, and Monster Hunters - (1)
night drive
My father is the reason you have déjà vu ( PART 3)
Some context to "i visited my best friend...something made her a lunatic."
The Creature in My Back Seat
My old home videos showed me a life I never lived.
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children (Finale)
There's a theory that our nightmares are memories from our past life
Infidelity: (Audio) Read by David Ault and Nikolle Doolin
The Little Girl
Skinhorse
Tales from Blaisdell Avenue Apartments: Apartment #3
My phone is locked every morning
He is HERE
We were failed musicians. Then we learned a dark ritual that made us famous again. (Part 1)
My dog is demon
I honestly don't really know what to do
The boy in the tree
Smash O Lantern
6 Floors, I feel so alone.
My Craving
I'm a Small Town Sheriff, and I'm Pretty Sure a Cult Just Moved into My Jurisdiction. Part 2
Blaire's Last Letter
We're looking for new mods!
Really scary story
The Polaris Experiment- Part III
The Video
That Night In London
Last Night
The Human Detachment Project Part 2.
Never be alone
THE DOOR TO A NEW REALITY
The joke about a man living in my walls is getting all too real.
Blonde
The Void Below the Bed. (Delacroix Void Part 2)
Last year, I killed a guilty person. The rage won’t stop, and you could be next if you deserve it.
I'm an Illusionist by trade, Real Magic Harms more than it Heals
COVID-19
I think I became a medium
Something Isn't Right With My Reflection...
Camping part 1
I need your help.
I don’t know what’s true anymore.
Have you ever heard of the Childhood Psychopathy Diagnostic Observation Scale?
Purple
There is an end. But it isn't what you'd like to hear.
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it... (part 3)
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 1)
I'll never forget what I saw on the track as an conductor
My Dreams Were Terrifying. Then They Came True...
Somniphobia
Something happens in my neighbours house when they're away
The Devil let me live so I could spread the word.
Don't Pirate Games Or Else...
Passenger Seat
Something weird happened in my Minecraft world when I was younger.
Our Ritual Is The Mystic Cement.
I'm a volunteer at a temple stay in the mountains of Japan. I guess I made friends with a cat!
Running down the corridor
Miss Eve Eden
Screaming from the thunderclouds
Imposter..
Man Outside My Window
There was a tapping at the window
This isn't a story but I'd like to just share this around!
I've been playing Hide &amp; Seek for 17 hours and I don't know where I am.
The 5th Rule of Babysitting: Part 2
Wellness
Death will come
The Call That Ended My Career. Part II.
The Notes I Found in a old abandoned house/basement
The girl who loved too much
I interviewed the survivors of a mass suicide. My last broadcast will never air.
I Accepted the Wrong Job
Fuck you all
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and I'm losing myself (Pt. 4)
Writing a horror story in a cabin, and....
The Pumpkin Cafe on Third Street
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 4)
Desperate Times call for Weird Jobs
Here’s a creepy story my cousin/uncle told me
A transmission from another world
The knight
Me and my friend found an abandoned shed in the woods. We're never going to take pictures ever again.
i figured out how they recorded the laughter on laugh tracks.
Lemonade
Jennifer's Race
The Sinker Chronicles #1
Real story at Union Station, Washington DC.
I think I was buried alive today. If this finally posts, please send help.
The Missing Four
SCP-6845 (the contagious words)
He loved me
Join us at r/scarymedia, a new hub for horror media content...
Alone with my thoughts...
Something keeps turning my TV on at night.
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Are Going To Murder Me (Part 2)
I worked security at a hospital for fifteen years. This is what finally made me quit.
I Heard A Strange Broadcast From an Abandoned Radio Station
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars – Enjoy your lunch, Mr. Richardson!
The people in my hometown produce cursed goods. I'm the one who exports them all over the world.
Weird blue creature.
The time my holiday experiences followed me home
Do not conspire against the ones above, they simply wish to control you. (1/?)
The Price of Perfection
(18+ containts detailed torture) - A Wounded Ex
I made a mistake, and not I think something is stalking me
Broken Bonds
Half my story didn't post
I helped burn down a house last night, and I don’t regret it.
U.M.C - Unidentified Malicious Creatures
Among The Trees
I'm afraid your time is up.
I'm a Former Heartthrob That Starred in a Teen Drama Part 1
I think my wife and kids are actors (part two)
Demonic encounter
I traded my sight for this shitty vision. (Part 2)
Our neighbors went insane. Please send help! A family of four need your HELP!
They were just stories..
A Sound in the woods
Backrooms_Enter.docx
I bought a project bike and now I'm being followed
What happened to the forest
I messed around with an Ouija Board. It changed my life...
I had nosleep
scary story i have always heard as a kid lol im new to reddit take it easy on me not sure how this stuff rlly works
All I ever wanted
The Haze Part: 2
The Day the Sun didn't Rise
My husband was the most thoughtful man.
I think that siren head might be real not-fiction
The Void of Nothingness
My Intro to Politics Ended Horrifically
George carlin was right
I just relapsed.
Murder Story
8th Grade
The Diary Of John Cook
A Horrific Experience Helped Me Forgive.
You Humans Disgust Me (Part Two)
This is not your Typical 6 Drunk teenagers in a slasher movie Stuck in the woods Cliche( PT.1)
I Know What Happened To All The Missing Kids In My Neighborhood
Vengeance and Salvation
It was always following us since we did that game
My Brother Studied Monsters
Before you buy a second-hand house make sure you have been checked its background.
My daughter was murdered in a dream. I met her murderer in real life.
I couldn't sleep. Now upvote
Part 2: I think my new home is sending me eviction notices
The Taking Tree
I went to the Great Festival of Toth
A cake with perfectly black frosting can be your demise
My 21 yr old gf is always ghosting on fridays and saturday.. she doesnt answer her phone, texts or call back.. im suspecting shes dating other guys, wt do i do??
What i do for work (I)
My first lucid dream wasn't nice at all...
I've Worked at a Wastewater Treatment Facility for 14 years. These are the things I've found in the Sewage.
The top hat man and family
STATIC (Part 3)
I think my new Fence is Evil
Somehow I found my way to a new world, but it's not as friendly as it seems
I’ve always been weird.....
Are we alive?
There was a town I cannot name from a commercial I only saw once.
The Last Thing Going Through My Mind
Every three months my daughter and I have to move. I think it might be time to tell her why. Chapter 1
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas but you won't read about it on the news. A sad tale.
Im not my parents child, but i have their blood in my veins
She gives her love with nothing in return. They mold it into a 6.66 ft steel chain to choke her.
Tree creature story
Gwen never really liked chess.
Something is Seriously Wrong with My Copy of Super Mario 64, Pictures Included
Help me get my life back
Why Is Everyone Ignoring Me?
There's something wrong with this Cul-de-sac
Giving in to the itch
Messages
The Disappearance of the Rogan Family
We Almost Died Urban Exploring
I need help. Advice. And someone to tell me I am not crazy.
How to Survive Camping - a very old war
Weird Headphone Noises
The Rails
NoEscape98.exe
home alone on halloween
Sometimes the unexpected actually happens
Ghosts exist and heres the proof (video proof)
A Comfort and A Necessity
Consumed...I’m really scared about my neighbor
Why did they scream?
Subs Please
I'm an archaeologist and I am straight up not having a good time .
My brother is kinda scary these days
The tragic mistakes of Alexander the forest ranger
I'm being haunted by a murder that I didn't commit
Im a guard who protects vaults with supernatural things in it. Update 2
"Dont Answer The Phone"
If you hear the noise of the creator you are a dead man walking
Every 4th
Want more horror in your life? I have just the thing for you.
Why won't it let me post in this subreddit?
I am becoming a monster
Game Of The Year.
People have been going missing at the local bayou
Someone drugged my drink. After what happened, suicide is the only way out.
The Planet That Came To Little Hunsruck
The Avatar Approaches Part 1 of 4
The Witch In The Wall
Three Days Ago, My College Crush Invited Me To A Place Called Respite Hollow
I can't deliver this pizza. (final update, Pt. 1)
I found this strange anomalia on my photo, any idea what it could be..??
What Grandpa found during the War
The Cult I’m Apart of Doesn’t Give Second Chances
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
I’m the strongest man in the world, and I’m not afraid of anything
I'm a retired cryptozoologist. One creature I discovered haunts me to this day, and it's still out there.
Them (Part II)
High 69
feeding the crows
There's something called the void (Part 2)My Husband Keeps Tucking Our Daughter In Every Night. We Don't Have Any Kids.
I can't move my head.
Hiba Naru or The Truth Behind The Tree's. Part one.
The Sunlight Ghost of September -- First Part
Did there’s this mirror...
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for Rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 2)
Did the Dollmaker just kidnap my friend's crush from the Foster House?
Yeeeeeeeees?
Just the Beginning
I Went Through The Attic Today
NoSleep Interview with RehnWriter!
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 14: The Flesh of the World
I say goodnight to the dark for a reason.
First responder
We no longer talk about the tunnel (Based on a urban legend at our school)
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 5)
I was scared stiff
Miss Poppy Home For Girls: Lily
How should I respond - part 1?
God parents
The Horsefly King
What's that Doc? The next set of pills will do the trick? Pills are what will cure me?
From the Watchtower
Every time I say “Quiet”, I hear a screeching in my head
16 Miles
Noises in the attic
I am a vigilante who uses a strange smartphone app to find criminals - Part 2
Is this a dangerous sign?
My ghost story.
The Elementary School (Part 2)(Final)
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Wrath (Final Part)
My account of my time surviving in a nuclear bunker
Followed Home The Prequel The House On Roseway
My Girlfriend Loves Me
I am a World-Famous Artist. My secret is I use My Victims Blood to Paint.
Iv just browsed through the movie ANTRUM and something doesnt feel right. Has anyone else seen the Movie? Please comment here. Please.
Tales from a traveler
“How would it feel to lose something you loved?” -reposted-
Skinwalker
He forced me to post this...
If anyone has any information or has had this happen to them, please message me!
I got into a car with someone who has no regret.
The purple murderer
Daniel Huang Zoom Creepypasta
Battling chronic pain and more.
Timber
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 14)
How I Escaped Death(Finale)
Why do my neighbors have all red lights in their apartment?
The man on the train
I think this is not my dimension...
Rural towns
Dear Wendy,
What was the lomgest streak you pulled out an overnighter?
I still hear the footsteps
One For Sorrow, Two For Joy
The Thing They Carried
Scraping
The Swarm
The carrion king of everything!
The Darkness Within
I’m not crazy you are
I am a police officer in a small town. I found a place where radios malfunction. (Part 1)
My sons Fortnite account is starting to freak me out
What I cannot undo
Shadow in the Door
I literally don’t get tired
Forgive My Father For He Has Sinned
The Police Don’t Think My Attacker was Human....
No people were harmed in the making of this film.
Lost in the Mind (part 1)
The witch of blackjoe hollow
I think something might be living in my Grandfather's old cornfield
Airborne Nightmare
It Whispered From the Dark - Entry II
I confess
This Is My Choice And I Am Happy
Creepy black shadow with eyes
Anything ever dropped and dissapeared?
Working at a prevention hotline has deteriorated my mental health drastically; I have a list of people who I was never able to save.
The only bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 5)
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 2)
Epic Rap Battle: Gun Owner vs Liberal
The Odiyan Files
NoSleep Interview with Grand_Theft_Motto!
I thought my fever was causing me to hallucinate...
Halloween hotspots
This is a horror story
Why I Don't Watch Britcoms - Part 1
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: A Terrible Tune
I thought the neighbor kids were messing around in my yard. I was wrong.
Strange Dreams
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town I’m stuck in the forest and I might die here
Hush hush
I Investigated a Halloween Story of My Grandfather’s. It Was a Mistake.
There Will Be No Counting To Ten
The members of my new book club like to collect strange tales: Cassie's choice keeps me up at night
Todays the day!
I was kidnapped in Yemen and brought to an underground dungeon PART 2 (2)
I have a crazy ex and I think he's still stalking me.
A Crappy Agreement
I found a diary in my Attic, And I'm terrified.
Witch's curse (It is recommended that you do not read this story before bed! )
Coffee shop on fifth street
Tape 13 (Warning: Triggers)
Something is waving at me from my basement
SEASIDE (Part Two) Deep-Sea Investigation
I hear a faint noise, but I can't put my finger on what it is. Music?
"Marigold" the animatronic therapy doll is not what she seems...
Lucid dreams, help and advice please
I think I'm Dead, but I'm still here.
Breathe
Be careful when asking the Gods of the Oppressed for help
I'm currently at wannabe haunted house
The Place: Ana and Kyle's Stories
I had a bad headache.... now EVERYTHING is flipped.
(True Story)Had sleep paralysis for the first time. Saw a hallucination trying to light my room on fire.
My grandma died and passed down her secluded cabin-in-the-woods to my brother and I. To us though, it's filled with old nightmares.
Nostalgia
Game of Smash Bros turns into a terrifying game of tag
I’m a lawyer and my client killed their whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence. Part 3
I found out what nightmares are
My daddy always said karma has no deadline and now I know what he meant.
New Years Fear
Jackson Investigations: First Case
The Quiet Kid
The Golden Child and the Scape Goat
I accidentally kidnapped my friends and we're all part of a cult now
The devils hour
The Homeless Reaper - On the streets, I heard the cries of others before they died. Then, I saw the cause.
I think i know what north korea's christmas present is to the U.S....
The Frat Party to End All Frat Parties, Or, Birds of a Feather
The bunker in the woods
I think I've been here before, but I don't know how (Part 3)
Why I'll never use Grindr again.
Just a dream?
Madness in a Sleepy Town in Missouri
My Grandmother was Obsessed with Two Dolls. She Believed That They Taught Her Appreciation.
I used to work in the computer analytics department of the CIA: The true shape of the Earth will horrify you (Part 2)
The recent storms mean they're coming back.
Birds of a Feather Heal Together (Chapter 2)
I Make People Happy
Wendigo
I'm A Mall Santa, And There Is Something Seriously Wrong With The Elves Here.
BFF Barbers
The house my housemates and I rented during college was haunted
One of my scariest time in a cave called tot...
A Game With Death
If you see a computer on a hike in the forest; run.
I accidentally opened a door to hell.
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders.
The day I became a bounty hunter, but I don't specialize is humans (Part 1)
It is darker in the corners at night for a reason.
What Happens at Church...
I collect blessed objects
I star in a reality TV show that does not exist.
I tried to escape reality and now I'm paying the price
There’s something in the tower
My Father Sold Me To Someone The Day After Myy 14th Birthday.
The boy in the fire Pt.2The boy in the fire Pt.1
Liar Liar, pants on fire
White Lady
"I'm sorry, but your post did not perform well."
Notes in The Dark
I'm a Nice Guy! (Part 2)
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part3)
Sleep Paralysis Demon
https://www.reddit.com/r/Paranormal/comments/fbzhtp/the_top_hat_man/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
I KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK
The Stragview Woods
Can't sleep because of this I need some answers.
The Cliffs of The West Coast
The Depraved (Part I)
Reunited
I Should Have Listened to my Grandma
Shadow..beast-dog-thing---has anyone had an encounter like this?
I have an otherworldly stalker
I'm pretty sure I'm working in a haunted warehouse (2)
I stumbled upon a religious ceremony in the woods.
Mom's a Sunday Driver
You can find infinite bliss at the center of Reverie Wood. But you must follow these rules in order to get there.
Man in garden when me and my twin were home alone.
"'ERROR'"-"'script'"-"'unkwon'"
I can move my eyes around my face...but not very easily
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 4)
I Work At the Darabont County Archives - Part Six B
My Office Building Doesn’t Have a 13th Floor
There is no ghost in my house.
Cake
Highway Song
How to download and play Animal Crossing New Horizons on Windows for free tutorial video!!! Play this if you can't sleep!
A Walk in Fog
There is something weird going on in my house.
Bump in the night
We think we know where my sister is. I hope we're wrong.
The statue in my garden keeps being moved.i'm going to figure out what's happening and why.
His addiction
Memoirs from a small town deputy
I jokingly spoke to my webcam.. and it responded to me..
Secret of powers unknown.
Coding Overtime - The New American Dream
I couldn't sleep tonight
I'm A Warehouse Worker, Do Not Trust The Ambassador Posts.
He lives in my best friend’s old apartment.
I’ve been trapped in a movie theater watching tango for the past 10 years.
Beneath the Surface (Part 1)
There's Something Deadly in the Wheat Fields of Oklahoma
I thought my daughter’s imaginary friend was harmless, now I need some advice
Question about the subreddit
I maDE A NEW FRIEND!!!
Crackies Revenge
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me.
My Grandfather's World War II Story
I Almost Died. Now I'm Haunted Every Waking Moment
I still can't explain what happened in Brazil.
The Perfect, Little, World.
Paper Thin
Can't see Reddit
My dad got a woodstove on Thanksgiving and he won’t stop putting the Christmas presents in it
I Know My Uncle Didn’t Die of Natural Causes
Sunday Morning; P. I essay(s): Waking up from the Dream, and Seeing the World through The Eyes of My Youth. &amp; P. II: Perspectives from Through The Rose Window. (History/Science/Memoir) it's a spicy one! pls roast my assThis is why you don’t mess around with the ionosphere
There is a murderer in my house and I think it has to be one of my family members
What happened to me in high school
I work as a janitor for Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, this is the only call I ever took.
The Shadows Of Sunny Hollow
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 6)
My Beautiful Flower
They come when I'm trying to sleep
I found gold in the woods. I wish I never picked it up... (Part 1)
The Scary Man
Why I never talk about Courtroom 402
Truth Uncovered: Doomsday Predictions- https://incmedia.org/truth-uncovered-0003/
that boy that couln't feel
The Nothing of Silence
The Yule Lads Diary (Part 4)
Every Little Thing
Strange Nightmare I had...
My best friend.
Three little birdies.
"The Pestilence Must Not Spread..."
Are there creepy pastas / no sleep stories available to listen to on Amazon Music?
I found tapes at the abandoned beach Imporea, now I might die... (Part 1)
The thing behind the wall
The child of death on a city bus
We found something terrible in space
I remember what I've done, now I wish I hadn't.
Pay attention to emergency tests
Something in the dark...
This Asylum Was Only Visited Once
Flashlight left behind
I'm staying in a cabin and I think someone got in.
My Mom Is Forcing Me To Watch The Programming. Please Help.
When Breath Goes Missing
One Hair, Two Hair, Many Hair.
I found a tunnel in my basement. I think it leads to something worse then Hell.
My parents have changed and not in a good wayThe thing that used to live under my bed (100% true story)
The Siren
We got in, but I don't think I'll get out.
I discovered a radio show for a town that doesn't exist (part 3)
I got sent back in time due to a horrible mistake. Don't do what I did.
I made a wish as a child. I got what I asked for, not what I wanted.
Demon in the dark.
Please read this. I promise I'm not crazy. I just want to help. (Part 3)
I have resorted to extreme measures to escape Professor Egghead (FINALE)
The mud ate my girlfriend.
The Fall of Utopia
My wife dropped our baby.
Dream Walking
babysitting job from hell
Every morning I wake up and my life is completely different. I think I found out who is changing it... It Gets Weirder (Part 1)
The Gas Station Horror
CoD has kicked me back in time, in a loop.
Don't Follow the Girl with the Violet Eyes...
Are there any facts that are extremely scary to know?
The Whitfield family
Hansel by Mwoodruff
The imposter
Our Experience with Shadow People
The flash of terror
The latest internet challenge didn’t go how we planned.
I moved to a new house and there's a list if disturbing rules I must follow.
My Dad Left Me His Tape Collection (Part 1)
I Killed A Monster Today
The boy's spirit
Conjurations of the Enraged
Them (pt. 2)
Freshly Killed
The Endless Woods
My family and thinks I’m invisible
Challenge your belief
Mom's Been Acting Strange - Part I
You had to be there at that exact time, didn't you?
There’s something very strange about the new Energy Conversation Effort in Red Grove
The Two Lined Man (Part 1)
I just graduated from medical school, and my new hospital has rules that seemed designed to kill people instead of saving themHelp! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ... There was a celebration, and a coup today.
Addams and firefly
a nightmare turn into a reality
If you vape and see a juice called “Garra ardiente”, in a vape store, DO NOT vape it, or even buy it. I think it could have done something to my sister. (Part 1)
Don't Get Yourself Into a Knot Mr. Twine
A long and sleepless night.
Always give offerings to your neighborhood creatures
I just woke up from a coma. What I have awoken to is absolutely terrifying.
The thing outside my window
The Mechanic
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Three
What was that
I am from the year 2037 and the future is dark.We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage.
I joined my friend's odd Discord server. I am now locked in his basement.
Story with twist at the end
I started working at a retirement home, and I've been given a list of strange rules to follow
I saw the hat man while awake
The Message
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside
Incoming transmission..(flagged top priority)...source....The Fiducia... part 1.
My dog digs up strange things
I Left Earth to be There for Faye and Rosy Posy - Part 4/4
RED LIGHTSThe Face
Somebody tried to break in.
First update: my cock wont maintain an erection longer than 7 seconds, while a shining light comes before me.
His name is Timmy
Like Clockwork
I'm what you call an urban explorer
My house is haunted...
My cousin is Cinderella in Disney Land
My cult is punishing me for being pregnant
New Life
We're looking for new mods!!!
The Black Silo Part 4
Brittlebones
There’s a reason no one takes the stairs where I work.
The tale of something disturbing at my Park ranger job.
These bitch ass ghosts are back on their bullshit.
PROPER Stories #2: Tune In And Let It All Out
The Little Old Lady
Love Letters to Spacegirl (Part 2)
The Screams Came from the Sea
Omens
Goodbye mama
Cautiousness during nightmare.
The Hidenseek Incident Part 1
My Sister Disappeared Three Years Ago. I Regret Facing the Culprit Last Night.
Wasilda Jones Lived in a House by the Sea
Imagination
It all started with a noise (part 2)
Multiple choice horror story
THE THING IN THE FOREST
Ghost story from my childhood
there’s a man and the little girl living in my house. I’m the only one who seems them.
My log from the Back Rooms
The Singing Woods
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 8)
My girlfriend is acting strange.
Predator
Suicide is a sin.
Do not let them in.
The Great Bird of Midnight
I am having a slight allergic reaction
This Is How It Starts.
The Unveiling (Part 3)
Desolation I
I think I’m being followed part 2
There is an SMG4 episode not well known by the fandom, and is unpreserved.
In limbo, you're nothing without your anger.
Did anyone else see the lights? ...The lights in the sky behind the storm?
Demon in the shed
The end of the rope
To be loved and not to love
The Battle at the Orlof's Home (Part 2)
Something got attached to me on my night shift, part 1
Then, They Ate Themselves
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago Part 8 (FINAL)
The call
Re: Acceptance is the hardest step.
I found my dad's secret tape collection. Why was it following him?
You Think You Can Make a Difference at Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
Don’t Buy Exotic Fish from A Seedy Petstore
I had a strange dream last night.
the family scourge part 1
"The Tapping"
The Mud Men of Papua New Guinea Pt 2/2
I Started Working for the United States Census Bureau; I Tried to Give my Notice
The Return Of Beauty 23, Component 1
Kashiwazaki, Japan. Fraction 1.
The apartment I live in has certain rules that others might find strange
42nd and Westcroft
Something strange is happening in this village (part 2)
I went on a cruise, and i can't wait to go back!
The Perfect Movie (part one) series
There was a Cabin in the Woods (Part II)
The Chronicles of Aydan &amp; Weebs - 9. Who Knows, What Evil
Safety Demonstrations
I'm a camgirl and one of my clients is creeping me out (Part 1)
I Accidentally Pulled Back a Layer of Reality
My parents own a burger joint. After you know what I know, you won't want to eat there.
The Rails
I stumbled upon a theater in the woods, and saw staged a strange play
Valentina
I Found a Diary Tucked in a Brick at an Abandoned Psych Hospital
I think someone committed suicide at work
My second time on an atv today.
I just had this dream.
The book
An uninvited guest crashed our dinner party
My Little Sister is a Zombie Butcher
We opened a time capsule today. I'm now very scared.
The Psychology Experiment
I don’t think my dog is real
Mr. Long-Arms
The woman who watched.
Dream Therapy
Everytime I wake up, new scratches appear on my body.
My husband developed an extreme version of "werewolf syndrome."
I've worked with the Paranormal all of my life, they've never given me a warning like this.
Last Halloween I was visited by a grown man dressed as Peter Pan.
I Made A List of Rules, Hopefully the Next Idiot Uses Them
I got hired at a remote company. Something terrible is happening here.
I lost a friend recently creepypasta
I’m on a research expedition to the Arctic Circle, and we’ve uncovered a colossal and mysterious machine, frozen beneath the ice.
I live in a town near Hameln. Lately, we've been hearing the pipes againI lost my shadow and started going to a support group for it.
I found a box of nutcrackers in the attic. They weren't what I thought they were.
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part seven
Vampires aren't real.#2
A Cold-Hearted Killer Up North
Love is Happiness
This Was Her Room
she is mine and i am hers
Ever had sleep paralysis?
I've been working as a park ranger for 15 years and I've seen some strange things.
Kind of panicked right now
I don't know where I am and I only have this cellphone, HELP
Strange
The time we had a school lock-in.
Selling My Dirty Panties Online Is Killing Me
My Name Is Sara
If you hear voices while you're home alone... Run
My mother and I P1
I was wrongfully arrested for murder on my 18th birthday. I refuse to keep what happened in the interrogation room a secret any longer.
I found out how to be telekinetic
I saw my Son's imaginary friend (part 1)
The Blindspots
This is how it started
Her eyes
k so i got no creepypastas but..
The Violinist: My new neighbor hasn't stopped playing the violin since he moved in three weeks ago. Now spooky things are happening.
September 11th
My Iphone is doing things i never did, iam honestly scared
Only real dare devils will read
Part 3: Something strange is going on at my place of work and no one seems to notice.
I heard random wind chimes in my room at 2am
My Family Was Cursed With a Demon... They Pray Anyway.
Daddy's girl
I found weird journals in the house I just bought 2
I've had the creepiest sets of dreams
Lydia's Bridge
My new psychiatrist is a bit unorthodox
My Teacher Sent Me On an Errand, I Don't Know if I'll Make it Back Alive.
The Pet I Always Wanted
I'm Think I'm in Some Fucked Up Freudian Nightmare
"Passion."
I applied as a night class teqcher in a Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow
I'm a pyrokinetic and something is hunting me
Early morning at the airport...
so there's something in my house
Hospitals Are Alive, Heed My Warning
I come from another universe, and I’m here to warn you.
I think my therapist is stalking me, Part 2
What happend after my platoon got the callsign 'Dragon Slayer'
Real Dream I Had- Look into Afterlife?
My mirror moves when I don’t
Smiley’s, The Place Where Dreams Come True
The Girl Of My Dreams Started Living With Me And Now I Don't Know What To Do
Old factories shouldnt be explored...
Trying to find a super long creepy/realistic story I read around 5 years ago
Sleepless In Oregon
I'm an anomalous entity researcher, and something impossible happened last week.
Buy Glassdoor Reviews - Buy 5 star Glassdoor Reviews
The Radio Man
A Letter From My Father
I think I might be going crazy...
The Devil's LoopI have such severe misophonia that certain sounds make me want to kill
You dont have enough memory in the memory card
Has anyone else seen giant orbs float past the crack in their door?
Something from the Thrift store
The Ghost that took me back in time.
Blackwoods Bend Part Three - Things You Hear In A Diner
That Damn Thing in the Snow
Die grausame Geschichte von Blanche Monnier - 25 Jahre eingesperrt
The sun didn’t rise, but something else did.
I wonder if my wife suspects me? (Part Two)
Thrift store reviews: Get yourself one of these blankets!
I took a pill at a party. It had some unforseen side effects.
Eddie
I tried to sleep after a concert, I will never again.
Every time I cut a single line on my arm, someone who has done me wrong in life dies.
Run, Motherfucker
I'm the Only Woman at My IT Job and Now I Know Why
Graduation Day
The Trench Coat Man
A horrific school camp, to say the least.
The truth behind memes and gamer words.
This is worse than the backrooms
I Swam Into Another Dimension
Mursterk - CreepyPasta
Cult of the Eclipse
We Unearthed an Ancient Evil frozen in the Andes
Fear of the Unknown
I like Cake
Why I Fear the Dark
Nova Laboratories has been Lost
At the Lake House
The Patron Saint of Cancer asked me to have some faith (Part 1)
Thirsty
Don’t come to Alaska to hide from cryptids, they’re worse here
I'm Panicking and I'm really Hoping he doesn't show up again...
My house was hit by a tornado last night, and something terrifying happened.
I Met a Being And Now it Fowllows Me Everywhere I Go Waiting To Attack
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part 1
Scary dating horror story’s
Our school's downfall
Is my life a lie?
An unconventional childhood in the old ranch house. pt 1
I DIDNT WRITE THIS AND WHO THE HELL IS ADAM?
Stuck on a plane
Random is Random is Random
The Dinner Guests
Jupiter's Rules
On God?..
There are rules to surviving the woods at night. My friend broke one
Mr. Bits: Phase 1
I'M BEING HAUNTED BY MY PAST LIFE'S DAUGHTER
The Shadows
The Crimson Bar (Part One)
The Joker’s Wilde
I'm a Contestant on a Survival Game Show, and The Host is Trying to Kill Us
Never Take The Last Car on the Night Train
I Fight Monsters (Part 1)
I lost my apartment keys, I think I’m being messed with.
SEEhearsmelltouchtaste
Lost Dog
The last time I travelled cross country
My hometown is also cursed
Abyss Of The Mind
Stain
Twice - The Truth
I think you're beautiful inside.
I work at SETI, Earth is on borrowed time.
Pass this story on
Wendigo: The Encounter
Hi, my name is Jack T. Ripper and I have some confessions to make...
Reddit Scary Stories: The Devil
I'm scared to go back to sleep.
I had laser eye surgery last week, now I wish I hadn't.
666 meaning?
I'm Lily Madwhip and I'm Here For Hekate
Extra-RareThere’s a Reason Gary, Indiana is so fucking awful (Final Part)
Tales From The Diner - Part 9 - The Chimera Incident
My Guardian Angel
What happens when a hottie keeps you as her pet
The Circle
The 1:05 Service To Nowhere
Don't Trust Summer Snowfall
Have you ever had a strange occurence while using any kind of radio or walkie talkie?
Slender man's twin nieces and their descendant.
There's something wrong with the trucks in my town
I found someone hiding in my backyard. He told me something very disturbing, and I'll never see our world the same way again.
The News Has Left Me Rattled
A Perfect Life
Flashlight man.
I test adult toys and it's not as fun as you might think
My university locks its doors at night for our safety, not theirs.
I really need some fucking help.
My Brother and I Were Excited to Live on Baba’s Farm for The Summer, But We Didn’t Know What Awaited Us
I Found A Disturbing Note In My Middle School Classroom
I clicked the 16th link and I regret it every day... PART 2
I used to be a nurse and I think I helped deliver something evil.
Why I gave up being rich... for good.
The Stump In The Woods
‘Their real..’
Hitcher's Peak
I saw something on the evening news that I can't explain
The man with the golden ring and the red bracelet(part 2)
I THINK GOD WANTS ME TO KILL MY YOUNGER SELF.
The Great Escape
Expect the unexpected
All the women in my family are cursed, and I don't know how to live with myself. Please help.
Entities reside in my parent's compound in the Philippines.
A Dream Of Sadness And Pain
Of Filthynasties and the Stairway to Heaven
unimployment benafitts
The Ouija Board (Happened IRL, 5-7yrs ago)
The Shadows in the Night
Do not fly kites when there isn't any wind.
Forgiveness
Don't Talk To The Dead. The Wolves Will Hear You.
I couldn't even scream
The Night I Lost my Grandfather
I wish I didn't investigate the strange happenings in my brother's room
I was a hitman for the past 12 years, and this made me stop killing people.
I snuck into an abandoned school, now my life has turned to hell
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i found was not human (PART 4)
what’s the scariest thing you’re experienced late at night?
Evacuate, it's the least you can do.
The Backroom (Part 1/3)
Conan Mansion
A not quite right neighborhood
Mortality 4 Mama
The babies cries
NOT A STORY: LOOKING FOR A STORY
To Whom This May Concern...
My Wife Is Growing Out of Me (NSFW)
The Devils 7 Christmas Presents - Greed
Hearing Whispers and Feeling a Presence
I got a Deep Web Job, today I had a fight with a supernatural entity
Please help me figure out this...
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 8
I’m a Corporate Spy at Brighter Futures and I have some stories to tell
I think I accidentally stepped into an alternate reality
Something is in my Closet (Part 2)
The woman in the window seat.
“The Woman in Room 406”
Awesiaki: Chapter Thirteen - Battle Prelude
I'm being possessed by a record player
I work on an oil-rig in the North Sea. …I’ve just been assigned to a rig that officially, doesn’t exist…
I think I became a medium
Shadows.
I have seen smile.dog. It won't stop.
Missing Memory
Eloise (Pt. I)
I'm Part of an Experiment to Treat Trauma Induced Crime Disorder
Glow in the dark stars
I Picked My Daughter Up From Daycare Today, I’m A Good Father
What's Happening?
Tales of a lonely security guard pt 3: he who hides
Maybe don't answer vague job offer on your school campus
The man in the woods.
Creepypasta video
It's not like I wanted to, you know.
Tea Time (much gore)
Don’t look out the window at the so-called wolves at night
The cellar bumps at night - part 2
Uncanny Valley (Part 2)
The wolf in us all
My siblings are better than me
Refrigerating Chills…
The time me and my friends went to the forest, changed us for good
I work at a family entertainment centre and I’m pretty sure the mascot shouldn’t move
The Doors to a Satanist
u/okayguy14 PART 2
What do they want! (Part 3 of i saw them i swear)
I dont think she was ever human.
Has NoSleep changed?
The Old Lady on the Train
Christmas Traditions
The Polaris Experiment
I've been hearing screams..
April Contest Winners
It was supposed to be a fetish game for my husband, not something horrifying
"Letters" (REVISED)
I can't scream, I can't feel, my only companion is darkness.
My experience with the rituals on Saya In Underworld
Please come and get me. Before the moon reaches full.
The hallway with no end (part 1)
I got a job making rules for jobs with rules and it has some strange rules!
Secret door inside the Great pyramid
weaponized chimp
I served in the Soviet military, and now my past is trying to kill me.
Never Go to The Pound at Night....The Smirking Dog
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Following the Carnage
Never Go Walking In The Woods. Especially Alone
My house is haunted.
Creepy Youtube channel (channel 25784)
Grandpa said never to to go in the Greenhouse
The secrets of Scotland #1
I Realized My Life Was A Reality TV Show And I was Famous Yet Didnt Know it
I thought my coke high was good - but waking up in these pants has absolutely changed my life
Reverse Vampire 11: The Report
My African horror story. Death and absolute carnage.
I Speedrun Nightmares
I’ve been paralyzed for five years… This morning I woke up with feeling in my legs again.
Time is a figure eight, and where it crosses itself in the middle, the living and the dead rub shoulders, and monsters dwell
Thank you, for everything.
Plenty more where this came from 100 percent true.
Trilobite
How many of you code!
How I was being stalked by the rich and elite
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 10
My Demon Has Returned
I have a voice inside of my head
introspection
My Parents Neve Let Me Go Into This Forest, Now I Know Why
The Faceless Women at The Road
When I was younger, my parents gifted my sister a piano. Little did we know that it was cursed.
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Three: What happened (Then)I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Three: What happened (then)
Police discovered this note and an audiotape inside one of their station desks. No one knows how it got there, but it led to a lot of carnage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBdl8ipGY88
That's not a stormy cloud
broken highway.
I went to the subway to meet the gray man.
Family Tradition
Crazy Florida Woman
I Tried To Kill Myself, But Now I Think Somethings Trying To Kill Me.
The Creature In The Attic
Nessuno
You have the chance to save six lives.
my neighbor stalks me
He's always there. {Part 1}
The night I learned why my parents sent me away
Flies in the Paintings Covering the Lady
I Got My Dead Friend's Journal In The Mail Part 2
Abandoned House True Horror Story
My dealer offered me $5000 to test a new drug, but now I wish I hadn't
Why I no longer go to church
The jersey devil cursed my little brother
I Work for a Prison(True)
The puzzle was solved now I can’t see him anymore. The Shadow Man
My Uncle
I'm an ex hostage negotiator and I need you to help me. Please help me.
I Got Possessed After Eating a Bowl of Spicy Ramen
If you become stranded on the Briarwood Bridge, stay in your car
I dissected the male mind. What I discovered will frighten all women.
June 2020 Winners!
Deck the halls... if you dare
G.O.D is Not in Session
My Husband's Keeper
Everytime I go to sleep, I wake up someone else's dream - Sequence 2
Crazy Cat Lady Syndrome
Why would early humans have evolved a sense of the 'Uncanny Valley'? It's the feeling of disgust and revulsion we feel when encountering anything, living or dead, that nearly has us convinced it's human. Tonight I finally learned why.
Have You Ever Experienced Insanity?
An ultra-wealthy neighborhood hired me to look after their empty houses during the winter. I think I’m supposed to ignore the screams.
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about Padre Cliffe...
How I Turned 2 Sleepless Nights &amp; 12 Monster Energy Drinks into $2,000 Prize at EthIndia Hackathon
I want to talk to you about what is next for your mind.
I don't know how to draw but someone is a fan
Spoil
CREEPYPASTA are great, but does anyone have any good TRUE CREEPY stories...
i browsed r/nosleep and then sleept
They're Here.
Beware of The McNameris Show
My friend and I found a way into hell... NEVER TRY TO FIND IT
Who's the Killer??
Two teenage girls are missing
Beware the Bodags
The white masked man
I always feel my dog licking my hand when I'm going to sleep
Everything is different now.
Friend
PLEASE LOOK
The other world Part 5
The red room
Suspicious cars watching me. Help?
My friend was being drained of his essence by a succubus
Before we Sleep
Ever thought about holes?
i just came in to my aphrodisis! advice pls
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part nine
The bad Sleepover
Bang.
I got stuck in the middle of nowhere. Now someone else is living my life.
Please, pay attention to your kid's art. It could save your life.
My cat knows something about our house
My job as cemetery caretaker came to be more than just gardening and digging graves
Bulimia Nervosa
Random rhought
LOOKING FOR INFO
Tales of a lonely security guard part 7: Deep
I took part in an experiment, I would never go back (Part 2(
Pandemic (part 3)
My wife is mothering a doll...
I Questioned God. He Answered.
My fiancé wasn't human.
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 9)
Randy Huffman
There's a man at the bottom of the garden PART 2
I have a fear of windows.
Everytime I think about aliens our spaceship pauses.
A demonic presents
That Little Kid
I had to Stay at my Friends House for a Week and we Found a List of Rules to Follow... (Part 2)
50 years ago, I descended into the Gates of Hell after listening to the urban legends. What happened left me pleading for my sanity
The Black Cat
Law &amp; Spirits
The Candlelight Express
I found out the horrific reason the Brightcliff Manor Hotel only has one toilet
Sleep paralysis or what?
I had a creepy nightmare last night when I was staying at my Grandmother's house..
My Job in the Woods part 5
My roommate’s relationship with her cat was starting to get a little strange...
i used to go into the woods at my old house today i found out what was in there.
There is no name for the phobia of being chased.
Floor 11: The Name-Eater
Strange package in the mail
Kalak: Time Traveler, Bounty Hunter.
To a Breathless Oblivion
Andromeda learns the family secret
I was an Ostrich babysitter... I no longer want to work with them.
That thing in the corner of your room (PT. 1)
Hierarchy: A Homicide Story That Isn't What It Looks Like.
Deal with the devil. I think I caused this pandemic
A Fog Descended On The Lake, And I Was Lost On An Alien Ocean
I steal bones and artifacts for a living; There's a huge opportunity in the South Pacific (Part 2)
The Girl Under the Stairs
Something happened
The Henderson-Files: Case 1, The Lamb
I am a virtual “you“
Honk If You're Horny
I Found a Village in Italy That still Worships a Roman Goddess, and Now I Wish I Didn't
the dating sim i found NSFW
Extinction by 56
I panicked when I lost my son at Disney World, but now I wish that I had flown home without him.
I think my neighbor's wife is locked in a refrigerator in his basement - Part I
I don't like it when the lights turn red.
The Observed - Part 1
The Meet Cute
Re: SAR no-sleep stories, weird phenomenons and scary creatures in the forests
I got a call from a doctor. There's an undead gorilla on the loose.
I'm not exactly going blind, but something else.
My Lover Locked me in Doorless, Windowless Room
There's a manning the woods.
Jewelry Box Music
For all hurban explorers:
How the Christianity Today article was spun.
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about my Family
Vector the robot
There are no paths from here.
A demon broke into my house (Part 1)
SNUFF - Cindy Lawson
Something intruded my online class
This is a real story
I'm working at a hotel that doesn't get many guest anymore. There's a set of disturbing and unusual rules. (Part 1)
I think quarantine drove me insane. I thought I lived alone. I might have been wrong.
A Silly Ending
I Performed the Lacuna Procedure - I'm Sorry (1/2)
I found letters that my aunt had written to her deceased son.
My daughter's disappearance continues to haunt me...
The Google Home Called My Girlfriend A Bitch
there is something wrong whit my new house... r/nosleep
My Dearest Violet pt. 1
I Have The Power To Create Monsters by Thinking of Them (Part 3A)
How to Survive a Rafting Trip on the Red River: Beginner’s Guide
The lady on the chandelier
I bought a painting from the thrift.
When the lights go out in a pub NEVER go down there or you will regret it, as I do
Pollen levels were actually quite good today.
Stolen Knowledge
I found a haunted forest as a kid
selfe policing methoud
Mama
A little worried. I was apparently sleepwalking last night and told my wife I would kill her.
I know what happens after death, I've been sent here to tell everyone \(uwu )/
The man in my attic.
I’m a demon and my job is to help human beings
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 1
Don’t Sleep
nsnfjsj$/$:;!&amp;;’nsnsnnxnndnfnf’
Church Bells Ringing At Night
I can never have Sex ever again!
The house in the hills is only there at night.... (pt 1)
I checked into a weird hotel with an even weirder set of rules.
Diner (All Welcome)
If you are reading this, do NOT buy the "TOW" smart chip that will be released in 7 years. There is still hope.
More than just a catfish..
A night in a castle
How I escaped a wendigo
My Home might be haunted: 1st night of strange things
Lumberjack
My neighbor stopped mowing his lawn (part 2)
Teeth
The second I blink is the second they'll kill me.
Ghost Whale
Episode 333 of my favourite podcast has gone dreadfully wrong.
I'm a nurse. The hospital I work at has a secret basement.
A Confessional Like Story pt.1
there are no monsters in the closet
Cashapp/paypal/WU cash out!!! January 2021⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
The laughing ghost.
Tales from a PRT operative: The Reaper lives!!!! (part 1)
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job. (Part 1)
It was late in April...
There here
AFRICAN MIRACULOUS MIRRORS OF whatchamacallit?
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here
I passed out in the woods and ended up in my bed.
My twin sister (Part one)
Childhood throwback
Don't enter the haunted house at Kausterman's Farm (Part 3)
My son has a Exoskeleton
Picture
There's somehting in my closet.
Liệu toán học có thể giúp bạn chiến thắng các trò chơi online
Song of the Sea
Crybaby
My Grandmother used to keep me in the pantry
Water torture
The Following Document Has Been Heavily Encrypted For Your Own Safety
Nobody will tell me where my scars came from.
Me and my buddy Jake explore the sewerage
Rowe
I’m an actor in REDCATED, and my castmates are no longer human.
When your walking down rout 4 never say it’s name.
4 Percent
Satan Asked Me to br The Antichrist
I saw something while working the night shift at a golf course, an I going crazy, or was there something sinister going on...?
Their eyes (rewritten with fixed grammar)
I've always had an irrational fear of water, but now I don't think it's so irrational (p2)
A House of Horror
It will snow. I know this.
Felix
October 2020 Voting Thread
I just witnessed a murder in the house across the street.
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong.
Coronavirus Cure Test Subject 17 Document:
I Was Someone's Missed Connection on Craigslist
I was forced into a Lovecraftian ritual... I'm not just another human now...
Man Inside of a Cat Suit.
The Rise of Mr Weiner
Read this if you dont want to sleep
Always give offerings to your neighborhood creatures.
Kids in my Town Keep Disappearing and Someone Keeps Breaking Into My House
My dog slept on me last night
I’ll never babysit again...
My name is Annabelle Graves. Hell walks the Earth on Halloween - The Samhain Tree
Living Coffins
Involuntary time travel
Accounts From A Monster Hunter
Kicking the Hornet's Nest
What Really Frightens you?
My Nightmares Anniversary
Suburbia
Lost, soon to be foundStanding at the edge
Every morning when I wake up, I find new pictures of myself in my phone.
My plane was hijacked - but not by terrorists
I Saw Gold Eyes
Welcome to Johnsville (Part 1/2)
All of Them Witches
THIS IS A WARNING
im stuck in a infinite dead loop
Great grandma's room
Cozy Townhouse For Rent
Find me
Hyperion Grove Hotel
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories Chapter Two
A few weeks ago, we moved into a new house. Last night, the old owners came home.
Ill never go back to the base again ...
One Sentence Horror Story
He transferred something dark to me that night
A Crooked Smile...
My students won't stop trying to prank me (part 2)
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Last night, Rule #6 saved me from having my soul sucked out
The Woman's Face That Makes Me Shake Whenever I Think About Her
Have you ever locked eyes with Death?
I know why we're all scared of Slenderman
Hamster Head
My Final Case
Behind it all
I'm thinking of writing a short form story for spooky season.
PLEASE HELP: I think my sleep paralysis demon is real
My daughter was born on the night she died.
Games Are Fun
The Wave
My best friend may have dreamed something into reality...
the hunger.
I got into the Crimson Web Headquarters and now I feel crazy. Fucking crazy.
The cellar bumps at night - part 3
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was.
My cum glove tried to kill me
The Whole Old New Me
Did I Ever Tell You Why I Dropped Out of College?
DO YOU LIKE PARANORMAL LIKE WE DO ?
The figure in the hallway
"Why is the snow red, Daddy?"
Breaking up with Alice
My poor daughter.
Where it all began...
The timeshare presentations in Nevada are getting out of control
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Tragedy of a Strigoi (part 5)
Received this creepy chain letter with this image attached
I finally found the perfect man, there’s just this one thing..
I've been in this orphanage for 10 years and I know they're coming for me next.
The Haunted Farmhouse at the Hockomock Swamp
I don’t think my new dog is actually a dog
Update Coming Soon
I'm not real
The Manor’s Call
My friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God. (Final Part)
Should I be scared
You have now escaped the simulation
One Bat, Two Bats, Three Bats
I work at the Moonlight Inn, And things keep getting worst.
The Silent Noises - By David Smith (Davey-Poof)
Heed My Warning
So, she’s a soul-stealing, multi-dimensional Vampire Queen. Cool, cool, cool.
Pest Control
I’m not sure my birthmark is a birthmark at all
The alarm went off but it wasn't mine.
Tree Devils
The best skincare routine of all
Do you hear it?
We open weird portals to Hell and pull the Damned out for cash
Midnight Showing
Readers of Reddit, I need some advice. My daughter’s Elf on the Shelf is scaring the hell out of me, and I think there’s something really wrong with it.
A creepy Trump-like voice speaks on the phone I found on the street
Clockwork
I'm A Prisoner At San Quentin.The New Prison Guard Isn't Human.
That can happen to everyone (Short Story)
Genesis
It's the year 2165, I am the last man on Earth, and I'm going insane.
When We Meet Again, Chapter 1
I've been going to therapy for an incident that happened it my childhood, but I can't remember what the incident was?
Scary stories to be read
Tales From The Diner - The Final Incident (Final)
The Patch in Sower's Field
YES
We Should Never Have Learnt How To Astral Project
Nature’s insanity
My thoughts on life and how a I have perceived it recently.
My teenage daughter went missing about a year ago, I just received a text from her kidnapper.
I have not slept for 12 years
I gently rocked his crib back and forth as he smiled at me...
The Shadow of a Mountain
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Part 2)
something weird happened.
Mountain church (Colorado)
my house is based in the middle of no where but i still have terrible neighbours.
COMING HOME FOR DINNER
The neighborhood I grew up in had only one important rule: During the exact thirty minutes following midnight, never fall asleep and never listen to the echoes.
I Can't Remember Who Lit the Campfire
Justice is Dead: Family Death and No Closure
A Journey into the Unreal
I lived with my father in his lab. There's just too much I cannot comprehend.
Does anyone have info on the Society of the Leviathan?
It's the Twelve Nights between the years. I saw the Wild Hunt, talked to my dog and my hat was stolen by a ghost.
Kool Aid Man
I think my neighbour is trying to cast a spell on me - part 2
My Niece
"The Untitled Document" The Job. Entry Four
How my military career ended
The most mysterious image on the internet
Father Kronos and the Wishing Well
Jesus
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 1
There Are People Hiding in My House
Ms. Burrowicz
A Friend Like Charlie
My thoughts
I Was Trapped In A Mall With No Exit
How to Survive Camping: the master of the vanishing house
My House is Haunted by the Future
What could it be?
I awoke in a strange room and im trying to remember.
I think she is always with me, even though I can’t see her
When I was a kid the old lady down the street had a room full of old music boxes. If they played on their own when you walked into the room, they didn't like you.
Black Lotus Approaching
The Burned Photo
Am I Crazy or Was My House Haunted
My graveyard job had weird rules
Dream Demon Part 1
Am I in the wrong if I don't want to follow family tradition?
Be nice to ugly strangers. They might be more than you think.
They All Died on the Dead Mountain
Michael Edward Brooks was always seen as a strong guy by his colleagues.
True Horror ghost stories
Part 2 of The Whistler in works.
The Ninth Circle, Part I, My First Mortal Sin
Something strange happened to me as a kid. I think it scarred me for life. Part 1
She Won't Leave Me - You've got to help
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed In My Home Town (Pt.3 Final)
This was a true story
My Brother is A Misanthropic Lycanthrope
The man of the shadows (part 1)
Last night in Mallorca
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (part 2)
I think I want some tea
Acts of Service
We Had a Game in Our Psych Ward
I’m a barkeeper and my drinks are mixed with the blood of the dead
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (part one)
My school just went on lockdown. Our principal has a 50.cal sniper rifle. (Part Three)
Should I be scared to think someone is watching me ?
I was part of a drug bust that went wrong
That One Old Chamber 1#
I’ve Been an Empath for Most of My Life. These are My Stories. (Part 1)
I woke up to a nose from my neighbor: Part 2
I don't feel safe in my own home. I'm not sure he can't get in.
I can’t tell my friends what I saw
He Who is Like God
Four years ago I explored a church. Never again.
The Moon Phantoms
13 Years Ago, My Parents Lied to Protect Us From Something Terrible
The Blue Boy (Part Two)
I'm a contract killer for the Big Man Down There. Here's my little story (and a bit more).
509 wrighter not found
Never trust an organ donor.
Splitting the Baby
Last Year, I Was Claimed By A Skinwalker… I Wish It Would've Just Killed Me
I found a hidden feature in Windows 10, I wish I never enabled it.
There is a secret Mars Biome. They discovered a new form of Death.
The Life-teller.
The Real Life Russian Sleep Experiment
Thank you anonymousmaskhat@gmail.com for being the best hacker to me.
Hello people of reddit
The Phobia of Doors
help! unnerving incidents on my campus are making my overnight shifts overwhelmingly creepy
We rescued a child from his abusive father. Then things started to happen that we couldn't explain.
NoSleep Interview with Coney-IslandQueen!
Do you believe in Demons? I do. There's one in my bedroom. (Part 1)
I kill for fun today I tell my story
Am I Pretty?
Is your marriage struggling? Download Covenant Eyes today!
I woke up but I didn't.
It’s not your mother, I promise
There are no doors on my new house
It's impossible. Just impossible.
The Tales my Father Told
There are People Hiding in My House
Tales of a lonely security guard: the hanging tree
Don Moretti is NOT a Cryptid Hunter
Death (Part one)
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 6
I Found A Tome Of Lost Lore In My Motel Room. Then Something Found Me.
Story about an angelic possession - forgotten title
Compression
My dad's hitchhiking story in the 90's
I was born on a child farm - Part 0
My house is swirling in the pits of hell. Pt 1: what lies in the dark
I learned that the Hudson River was void of nothing
The Reason My Father Quit Mining Forever
Kelly..?
There is something deeply wrong with my hometown
It Seems Like We Have Visitors
The Girl in the Poolhouse
please help
Area 51 is a Distraction, the Real Prize is in Eastern Alaska
A regular day at the office.
👌👌👌👌 👌👌👌👌 okboomer👌👌👌👌 👌👌👌👌 👌👌👌👌 👌👌👌👌
I found a newspaper in my attic.
Kill Yourself and Apply Today!
It was supposed to be just a regular check-up
I found my picture on the This Person does not Exist website.
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. I found a strange set of rules....
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and It's Working Too Well
Dark Somnium Discord Link! No sleep! Creepypasta
I Think My Wife's Step-Mom is a Lizard Person, She Agree's.
Until next time Virginia
Everyone in town loves Frockle’s fantastic sour lime caramels
"YOUR TURN"
Lately My Horoscope Has Been Off.
“Honey! Please let us in, they’re coming!,” my parents clawed at the door with peeled nails and button-seen eyes.
Bloody Gums
My Animal Crossing game is Glitched?
Why You Should NEVER Play Pokemon GO at Midnight
Star Spangled Hands
For
It wasn't late...
Hillsdale Pen
Just need a guidepost..
I've lived nearly forever and I have a warning
Barbie and Ken, a story of devotion ch2
I Live on a Farm out in the Sticks. I Want to Say Goodbye.
I got a job as night security on a night train. This job has changed me forever (FINAL)
It’s watched me my entire life
Everyone Died In 2011
The monstrous cookie monster
Whispering Among the Trees
I am okay.
Can Someone Please Try to Decipher This Phone Conversation That Happened Moments Before a Murder?
Something My Six Year Old Daughter Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Past Three-End
I am a police officer in a small town, and I found a place where radios malfunction.
I'm an uber drive, while on the job about 3 years ago, I had an interesting client......
They're in for a surprise...
Grandma’s front porch is a chorus.
The abandoned house with the pear tree
There's a voice coming from my chimney. It begs me to put out the flames.
flat eyes, update
Crazy gypsy dude.Crazy gypsy man.
DEVIL'S PEAK part​ 1+2/?
The Shepherd of the Dead (possible one-shot)
It’s currently 3:30 A.M and the screaming won’t stop.
Not alone
Spiders...
Ssfety is always important
The Tenant From Hell
I hope I never see him again
I need God to allow the people that have passed in my life to come see me for just a couple minutes, I’m hurting
Stories From A Fire Watcher
I'm A Lab Security Guard and One Of The Technicians Has Done Something Unforgivable
Adviser
Query About Weird Soil - Hardiness Zone 6a
By Day, I’m a Tattoo Artist. At Night, I Inflict a Different Kind of Pain.
Searching for Other Hybrids Like Me
They stand in the doorway but never enter.
I Have Nyctophobia - Nobody Else Can See What I See
I Think They Eat Kids
I played Majora’s Mask, on a rainy night
I think I found the worst nightmare anyone has ever had
The infected creature in the forest... Watch out for him!The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. It’s time to end this madness.
The Emperor Virus
The corners of your eyes
(Lone Oak Academy Pt. 2) - The Speakers Sound Possessed
The Impasta's
Can someone tell me what's going on?
I Found Some Missing People in the Wilderness of Oregon's Crater Lake
I think I spoke to a spirit
Always say "tabi tabi po" - the old lady with a bottle of beetles.
A kid knocked on my door, I'm in a snowy forest with no one around for miles. (Part 2)
My first and last day as a cop.
There is something in the woods
Deathbed Confession - I think my dad killed his sister when they were kids...
The Locker
The Bunker (pt. 5)
my mom and I have shared dreams.
Desperate. Please help.
My Phone Is Missing
Phantom phone notifications
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me.
I bought a painting that predicts people's death.
Fish Clicker™
Home alone (part 1)
The never ending fall
Psychosis of the mind
I have been reliving the same day.
I was just curious about my neighbor's culture.
Haunting or electrical issues?
I've witnessed one hundred men die
The Luciferian Whistleblower
This in not a healing pool and that is not a holy man
The small town I'm in got evacuated and it's not just for snow
The Knocking
Flawless
In 1992 I shot my co workers dead
I was reincarnated, but it went wrong
Babysitting gone wrong
I Work as a Janitor at a Catholic School Pt. 2
How to Survive Camping: I almost drowned on Tuesday
Things Like This Don't Happen Here
Dead girls under the house (maybe)
I've had sleep paralysis before, but nothing like this..
I had Brain Surgery, Now I Can See the True Nature of the Universe.
End Of An Era
Real Encounter With Tall White Figure (B.C Canada)
The Devil’s Nightmare
Until recently I never had trouble sleeping, but the last few nights, my dad came to visit me.
The Entities game
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them.
A interesting news article I found, dating April 26th, 1993, seems more like a crime report. Found in Japan
"My day dreams scare me more than my nightmares" part 1
The Murderous Hitchhiker
Happy Anniversary
I work in a Neuroscience lab.
My killer thoughts driven me crazy so much, it made me do sadistic things unintentionally.. And i regretted it
How to Survive Camping - a strip of skin
C.f.M.D
The day I missed the school bus
I think I might be going insane
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 5
The Ringing Won’t Stop
Don't Disturb Abandoned Asylums.
climate change
Kind of hoping no one takes this seriously.
Can someone help with this.
Animals At Night
I was paid to watch people being killed. I figured out why, and I don't know if I can even save myself now.
My Masterpiece
It stank.
Peripheral Part 3 - Later
The monster of the North.
New No Sleep Story on TAD Podcast
When your solitary life turns out not so solitary
Haunted Theatre: A Documented Case
The Loners of the Dark Woods
I run an Air BnB, it’s free, but it has a few unusual rules. (Part 4) Rule #5, The Paperboy.
A job I wish I'd never taken (Part 2)
you may sleep, i wont.
Advice Needed
lowkey
STOP TEXTING ME!!!
roses
There’s a half built house up past the edge of town.
face....
The Unnamed Rest Stop (part 2)
My first hunt
The man in my mirror
Child trafficking in South America
A bottle ended up outside my door
My night terror is slowly becoming true And I fear my life won't have a happy ending.
Bad things happen to good people
If you ever see a moving painting, please just ignore it... (Update)
There’s a blizzard which won’t stop. We’re trapped. (Part 1)
When the Sirens Come
I met a man at the carnival
and we went to sleep
Conversation with a Demon/Shaytan
The strangest person I ever interviewed
I called upon the devil and he delivered *trigger warning* (pt.1)
It stood at the end of the corridor
He’s playing a game.
Yellow teeth “demon” help me understand what i saw
A VR RPG game that stole people from real life.
The thing that watched me in my slumber.
I am seeing faces in my bedroom pls I need help
The Art Of The Wendigo Part 2
This is how I survived a serial killer last week. You'll never believe where he took me.
Tragedy at Disney’s Toontown
Viewing my alternate self through their/my eyesThe only child
I found a journal half-buried in the sand while on routine patrol with my unit in Kandahar Province
I live on a farm out in the sticks. I found my late father's old journal.
The Thirteenth Night of Xmas was Merry
The office
I'm still waking..
The Good Samaritan
v scary
Photobomb
I woke up at 3:33 (Real story)
The Snow Angels
The Fever
the new kid that almost killed my dad
Our facility protects you from the most dangerous creature. last night she went missing
A Private Number (part one)
A folk-legend from Brazil, told by my grandmother.
Why won’t anyone give me attention?
I was a mercenary in Afghanistan, my last mission was killing a demon.
Waiting together
My co-worker told me I'd burn from the inside, I should have listened to him.
The Whooping Demon
A Nightmare I Remember From Childhood
Give me one
It’s so dark in here.
The house settles.
My Car Won't Shut Up
Have you heard of the Well game?
I create memes for a living, and the government has just made me an offer I can’t refuse.
Ostia
I went into the woodstodaywoods today
I will never play "Batman Arkham Asylum" again, here's why.
Calls of the Castle
"I can hear her"
People wonder why i'm afraid of the forest.(part 2). I've confronted the monster from my past.
A bad trip on mushrooms showed me something that I still don't know how to explain
THE CHUNGUS MONSTER!
True story, a result from a horse accident I had 13 years ago
Last night, I played the game 'Among Us'. Something went horribly wrong.
The flower in my basement.
The Longest Hair
I’m a dentist for monsters. There’s nowhere you can hide from them.
This is my first time posting on here, but I keep having this vivid dream so I wrote it down
Satan is fucking me
Bird Watching
I heared voices through my headphones for months.
Him
Children of the Moon
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I thought...continued
I had a strange encounter with a creepy old guy in the elevator of our apartment complex.
I am a US marine. Let me tell you about this unusual officer.
Night of the Black Pig and Bird: This storm left the strangest things in my backcountry town.
DISINTEGRATING
Catn’t
First creepy story
The Woodsman
Please, anyone, can you read this? (Part 973)
My little brother got lost in the woods who came back was not him...
They say there’s a werewolf in the woods
I’m an Arctic explorer and I found an abandoned toy workshop
what is climate change gonna do
The man in the civic
I hate clowns
I follow people...now, I'm running for my life.
I Don't open my windows anymore
Somebody left a dead dove on my doorstep.
The Camp
the things that walk me through life
I’m not ok
I saw a shadow in front of my door, just looking at me.
They're Just Standing There Waiting For Us - Part 2
My girlfriend’s first heroin injection was cut with a new drug that is more lethal than fentanyl (part two)
There's an intruder in my house, but its not human... (part 1)
My town is engulfed in eternal flames
Never Go Camping In Algonquin Park
She's not my daughter...
The Wailing Horror
Fifty Years Ago My Dad Saw Something Near The DMZ He Can't Explain
I Think Humanity May Have Gone Extinct—We Just Haven’t Noticed
Campfire stories with Robert
The sound of insanity
Possibly ARG or just freaky?
Have you ever heard of the man in the lake?
Help me now
My work Zoom conferences are taking a sinister turn ...
2020 has been a great year for me
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 3)
The Diavolo
The Caller
In the forest, a strange mad laughing shadowy men tried to kill me
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The End.
The Moon Flickered (Part 1/2)
Chapters 13 and 14
Island Spirits Pt. 2
MAN-HUNT pt 1
How to Survive Camping - Rule #8: the people with no faces
The Man at the Bus Stop
The Story of the ´´Thing´´
It won't stop following me....
I used to visit my Mother's Grave - Part 1
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a nightmare. The Final Session - StanSanta Saved Me
The Cherry Tree
Case 1: Awesomely Awful, Awfully Atrocious, The Atrocious Arm-muncher
I found a box of cassette tapes in the attic of my house. The contents on the tapes are unsettling.
I have the power to pause time and move freely. I desperately need to know if anyone else has the same ability.
Black dog in the woods
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?- Episode 3
Stay out of the park.
The eyes that prey on you
Everything is either dead, or gone without a trace.
My dreams take me to other worlds and all three want me.
It's Here
The Virus made me unemployed. I should have stayed that way. Pt 1
"I keep it up there so you dont have to stay up there"
Why John Combs Hated Christmas- December 11th
The Bunny in the Storm
$30,000 for the cure to Everything
My ex girlfriend ghosted me
I do not want to go
The Book of Autonomancy (part 1)
Me.
I won a cursed lottery
The Grassland
Never played truth or dare after this happened
There Are Eight Days in a Week
The unforgettable experience
On the Counter, Just Like Always
For Her
Invisible Friends
I don’t think this violates HIPAA but I changed the names just in case.
Please Don't Buy These Noodles!!
Invaders and the Chase (Part 3)
House, a predator
I Found This Photo from My Childhood and I Noticed Something Horrifying In the Background
My boss just lost a big election. I'm terrified of what happens next.
Where the logging trail leads
My Experience Hunting Cryptids part 1
The screams i hear are not Normal....
Kronos
Please help. I have an hour to live.
Lucid Dreams can be terrifying.
The Always Open Eye
The car that comes at 3 am
my brother has been missing for four days now
A Dark Blight, In An Endless Night
The Clown in the bushes
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 6) (FINAL)
From the sea
I need one of you to come find me
I had a strange nightmare and i connot wake up
2016 News killer clown reports in the area please lock your door and remain calm
Document Nr. 9
Don't Listen to the Wolves
I'm an FX artist for B movies, and lately, the actors I work with have been transforming into the monster makeup I paint on them. Part 2
New discord to share Paranormal experiences etc :)
I'm an officer of the law and I'm concerned, to say the least.
Experiencing no way out of multiple dreams in one night
Black figure
Nanny mcphees younger sister nanny Joyce likes to discpline sick and old people
I saw her jump off the cliff and did nothing. Now she wants me to jump with her.
Don’t look at me, Part I
A month ago I was trapped in what I thought was my bedroom: Part 2/3
Someone is in my room
Splish-Splash
"There's A Žmogus In My Soup"
I didn't know I could hurt myself this way.Don't sleep during Driving Accident Footage Please Drive Your Car Carefully | Car Crash
Crimson Garden
Nothing Scares Me More Than Hearing My Brother's Screams at Night
Lake Pontchartrain
THE VOICES
A Voice From Below (Part2) (Final)
I guess I saw it coming
I wanted adventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game.
I am in summer camp and something is throwing people off trees.
Trail 272 (Part One)
I found an illegal website that lets you join active Zoom sessions. Never Zoom bomb Catholic priests.
Eyes Full of Splinters
Hi I'm Legit supplier
The Alien Abomination
Hush My Child, It Is Time To Rest.
OPEN CASKET
Real Art Always Has a Price
4 Hands
Never go out on cloudy days
Not Having Any Toilet Paper Wasn’t The Scariest Part About This Public Bathroom
I was bitten by a bug and the side affects are kicking in
The Texts.
The lady at the carnival
A Letter from Romeo...
How common are bleach allergic reactions?
My redemption for a murder
LoranceBabyshoes; Neverworn.
The Doorbell
A Report on the Grey Men of 327 Cedar Lane
The Lantern of Gooseberry Road
They escaped, this is my last entry.
Baseball Cap
I lost my three best friends in a way that will haunt me for as long as I’m alive.
This Hotel/Water Park had hornets, porn comics for kids, and used Disney characters
Fortune 12
College Decision Day Is Coming Up, and One University Wants to Be Sure that I Make Up My Mind
How I killed my stalker
Someone ate my leftovers
The Chamber of Death
The silence that was under the house.
(Part 2) My drive through the silent pines of Minnesota
I think I'm stranded with Mad Old Mister Holland (part 3)
Survive Another Night
Lick Skillet
Papaw's basket
I made a friend out of clay and now Hanukkah has been canceledWhat if that will happen?
My strawberry has a spinal cord
I helped a hitchhiker.
My tiny town just got put on lock down - Part Four
Case file 3546: Woman
Verdomd Huis Middle School: Part 1
free legal advice
I fear of losing what's realInvoluntary Commitment
The Uncrowned Earth
A shadow being stood at the end of my bed.
Bag' Em and Tag 'Em By Dale Drake.
Cookie Dough
The Happy Place
It's back, after all this time, I just hope and prey that I live through this.I Want the Monster Under my Bed Back
Whatever you do, DON’T play Truth or Dare on Halloween.
Does anyone remember playing those creepy games like “cat scratch your back” and “light as a feather stiff as a board” ?
Octover - A Halloween Short Story
Pigface - His children roam the streets in daylight.
Everything or nothing is true. You decide.
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 02
I couldn't believe what had been done
Things are disappearing into thin air
I Work At An Underground Prison... part 1
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History - Messy Configgerations
Some Things Arent Worth Finding
I interviewed the survivors of a mass suicide. My last broadcast will never air.
Mr. Gleam, Mr. Gleam
My girlfriend was being stalked by a lunatic
Completing the Mosaic World
Dear Ashley (part 1)
I'm Trapped in a Movie
Did I Mention I Got Bitten By A Dog?
I saw an animal high in the clouds. Now I'm terrified.
Everyone guys!
The Withered Dog
I found a usb in the woods. Now im being watched
Why were you wiggling in bed last night?
They kidnapped me in the middle of the night. Now I'm fighting for my life. Part 1
I’m a filmmaker, but I don’t hire actors...
I Love Children.
Cabin Fever (part 1)
I’ve been getting strange messages from a long lost friend
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules. (Part 1)
Budsturga's Debt: Part 3
A dead guy broke into our house
Tales from Finland: assault on mom.
My stories never make it big, but I think I can change that
My grandma left me her house...there was something strange
An Article On The Breathing Church of Flesh
The children of Garland woods
The Tailcoat
Our school is flooding, And it wont stop
Man with a Crossbow
It had to be done
Over the Copper Hill
There Was Definitely Something Wrong With The Tour Guide (Final)
Daddy Says He Loves Me
A month ago I was trapped in what I thought was my bedroom: Part 1/3
I stayed on a creepy hotel and it have dome weird rules part 2
My Dead Girlfriend is the Jealous Type
“It’s not time”
Report about a shooting.
October 2020 contest nominations
Stories from Anchorim
I See You.
Floss
My Grandma's Haunted House
We brought a talking rose home. (Part 2)
The real meaning of life
Don't Come to the Midwest
Cursed?
What we can't hear.
Evergreen Cabin (My First Post not my first story)
I took part in a sacrifice.
Never, EVER do a foot peel.
The Florist
The devil
The mice make me food
A Black Door in Ostra 2+3
Cough,Scratch, groan
Going camping? Are you really prepared?
The Hotel. 1
Undiscovered Corpse(OC)
Unfounded (First Post)
It Watches (Part 3)
The faces I see when I'm falling asleep, they change from young to old, male to female, 100 people in a minute. I jolt awake when one of them looks back at me. Has anyone else experienced this?
My 35 year old son came home claiming he’s been held captive for 10 years. He’s been moved back in since he was 25I'm never doing door-to-door sales again.
My sister died, and she left me everything in her will . . . including her demons (Part 1)
Help me he's coming with her...
I know now i am not crazy.
Me and my cousin set a camp in the woods, my cousin's different since then.
I fucked my buddies girl
The Child who Cried. A Super Mario World Game.
I wish I kept seeing the same dentist.
I woke up at the strangest place, of which I have no collection....and something is very, very wrong here.
I thought my life was over when my girlfriend died
same dream in a way but it was worse than normal
The Strangest Person I Have Ever Met In My Entire Life
The Women in the Wall
Never Go Looking for Urban Legends
My gruesome recovery at the Shamayim project
Something very weird happened last night (part 2)
Which Episode/Story Am I Remembering?
We found something, and they won't tell us what it is.
The Hungry Toddler
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Part 4
A Casual Encounter
Twelve Billion Ghosts
I'm just a kid and life is a nightmare
Goatman in the mountain?
Hi Friends, Could you help me? My guy isn't the same as before and it would help me some tips to win his heart back...
Monsieur Noir
I Interviewed the Only Survivor of an Infamous Siren Head Attack
A creepy night in the woods
INTERVIEW LOG  INTERVIEWED: REBECCA STEVENS, FRANK HUMBERLY.
I Found My Parents Sex Tape, Something Doesn't make sense.
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus  FINAL
I work for NASA and I know what we really saw on Mars
My cat and I joined a neighborhood social club
I Live At The North Pole(Part 9)
Don't go into the mist on Halloween
The Stranger Inside
I found out the hard way how leprechauns get their riches
Retirement Center
they are here
"This is your Captain speaking.
I had a strange experience last night
My grandparents are really bad people (part 3 - finale)
My Dad’s Family is… Different
n/a
I was born twelve minutes after midnight
I returned to my old home after the death of my father, Things are definitely not as they seem, not at all. (Pt 2)
They look like my daughters, but they are not my daughters
Fast Wireless Charger For iPhone / Samsung / Nexus / Huawei / Xiaomi / Nokia / Etc. Order from ebay
I'm A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - Lies, lies and more lies. (Finale)
Ok this is true and I dont know where to put this.
Cordycipitaceae
The Lake People
I hear bangs on my door. Today I opened the door.
I'm new to this
Art IMITATES Life - SECOND HALF
My husband likes to pretend he’s asleep.
I am 14 from a small European country and I have some stories to tell
When dreams come true.
Daniel...
I watched a man confirm his immortality by killing himself.
I’m download reddit for this story.
Toenail
I am hunting the werewolf that killed my father. It spared me because I held a Bible in my hands.
I was hired to investigate portals to other worlds: Fleshworld
Have you ever eaten a god?
What Is This Strange Note I Found?
My Great Aunt was there when the bomb was dropped on Nagasaki. She says there was something in the fallout.
My Time at the State Psychiatric Hospital
I recorded myself sleeping to find out if I snore. That was a terrible idea: Second attempt.
Hello I’m a demon
The Slide to another Universe.
Not 5 or 6, but 7. It's 3am and I still can't sleep.
He Won't Stop Watching Me Sleep
My Strange Addiction
You wanna be a /NoSleep author? You gotta earn it.
Does anyone else think it’s rude when your reflection won’t make eye contact?
I think something or someone has been pinching my toe in the middle of the night
A matchmaker's confession
My Name is Rose, and I think I may be a....Serial Killer?
The Telephone Game.
My moms sister, Lisa.
I always ignored the unknown knocking on the basement door, when I finally went down there I was terrified. Part 1.
Down In The Depths
Skeletons of Winter Part I
The Man Who Was Always LateSomething is strange in Venice
I’m a park ranger and I think something is snatching up campers and hikers in the Smokey mountains
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part six
I Think Something Is After Me
I’m a Medic in a Weird Hospital: Update / Night of the Lycan
I thought that I finally got to meet Santa
The posts i read on a sub Reddit called mind decay are coming true and theyre becoming more personal
I Thought I Was Imagining The Noises Outside My House, Until I Saw The Tracks In The Snow
I'm a psychologist. I have a patient that is a "soul sucker."
Fís ของ 狂った神ごす。S1E1: Hope ,Not Scary,
Protected by the Covenant.
Cecil hotel
A ghost would leave me videos
Some coincidences are to good to be true
Witch hunter
I may be dead, but that won't stop me from getting Vengeance
Why I now let Jimmy and his boys deal with the Peter problem
The Dark Watchers
I had an experience I cannot explain.
The Art of Shaving
Maybe I shouldn't have bought this
My stalker is missing and I'm starting to worry
I am being stalked constantly by this being, he's definitely not human. Part 1
Im 90 percent sure I was attacked by a ghost.
The cliff off the beaten path
Aura is real
I’m a Ohio ranger with a experience
I Wished For Something Bad... And It Came True
Compendium of Nightmares: Volume 2 - The Currents Beneath
Andy
The Red Star
Last night, a door appeared in the field behind my house. I decided to open it.
Transcripts from the real invasion
ISO Haunted Car stories
Mountain home for the criminally insane
I am caught in the relentless hell of the 'Insomnia Overdrive'. And with every passing second, the tank creeps closer to empty…
“Him”
I'm a patient at a mental asylum but I'm not insane (PART 1)
The Lake Erie Earthquake
Red Kettle
The Face On My Shower Wall
Nights like these, who needs sleep?
I Found This Diary in the Forest...
The happiest place on earth is dying
I though i needed help that night.....
Welthok, children of the river
It’s been officially one year since I lost? my daughter. I need to say something.
Deathbed Confessions
The Curse Of Wickborough (Part 3)
My daughters has been missing for 15 years, and she just messaged me
Five Rules Every Charmer Must Know (Part)
Genuinly spooked
ghosts are real
My parents told me to "never get into a fight at school".
Michigan
I contracted something...I don't think it's the Coronavirus
My Quantum Immortality experience
My neighbour's trying to kill me
I took a job cleaning my local cemetery at night. I really wish I hadn't. Part 1
The Cult of the Wolf God
Made With Extra Love
The Glint In the Corner of His Eye
I camped overnight, now I’m being stalked all the time. (Part 2)
A Man in Second Grade Might Have Been Death. And I Might've Cheated it.
The house down the road.
The Brain Glitch
I buy deserted storages in war torn countries, what I found in storage unit 7-21 changed my life forever. PART ONE (1)
Seven Branches Library: The Closet
There’s a man floating outside my bedroom window
Unfounded
The Rain Part 2The Rain Part 2
My best friend and I found a strange corpse in the forest (Part 4)
I make furniture for a living, a customer asked me to make a coffin
A man got in the back seat of my car at Red light and now ill never fucking sleep.
A Strange Hospital... (100% True story)
I should have stayed away from the creepy kids in high school
Writing prompt
I used to love the nightshift. Then it became the reason i remained alive
Who Was It?
There is an audio recording of everything that's ever happened on Earth and it's imperative that you know about it.
I was wanted on the dark web back in 2011.
I’ve always known my boyfriend is a little protective, but I think I found out why people I meet go missing. (Part 2)
This is my first writing of this tipe so it's not long or a masterpiece and the tag it's not the best but I didn't find nothing more adapt *"The Harmful imperfection"*
April 2020 Voting Thread
I've been having a recurring nightmare and I think I'm going to die soon. (Part1)
Don't ever miss your train
Don't Open You're Eyes
I lived with my father in his lab. My survival is progressing smoothly. Others are not so fortunate.
Blood Eagle
Being in the NOW
The caller at my grandfather's wake.
Dead Girl's Keyboard - Part 1
Alone in the Woods
The Bus Won't Stop
The Black Widow Group
Life Interview with Demons During a Lucid Dream
My crazy ex girlfriend is stalking me... she died six years ago.
If You Want to Walk the Dead Way, First You Need to Know the Rules.
I woke up to another alert and this time it wasn't the weather
Spider Dreams
Hit and Run
After winning $1.3 Million at a Casino, Why does a man cover himself in Gasoline and drop a lit Match?
The Inexplicable Road (Part 01)
Conspiracy, occultism, horror, and the weird discord server
The Fertility Project
My neighbor's been acting weird since his divorce. We never should have started digging that stupid hole.
There Is a Spider In My Room
mosnte
Carolyn Says
I hate friday the 13th. Hears why.
My Diabolical Self • Part 12: Farrell
My dad's projects.
She likes watching me.. alot
Something changed. Something deep under the water.
Dear Adam, I don’t forgive you.
She
Shadows came to my town at night, and they are killing everyone
My dead sister
I’ve had a Stalker For Three years and Never Knew Until He Rear Ended Me (Part 4)
The person you leave is never the one you married
Weird cuts and bruises?? Need answers!
I have an evil twin
I lost my friend to a drunk driver. This is my story.
I Met a Lot Lizard
She Sold Happiness in Glass Jars
The two tailed monkey.
The Graveyard Shift
Licorice
Something about the person who lives above me, isn't right.
It tried pulling me off the bed!
I’ve been stuck in a loop of murdering my family for over a year
Me and my friends went to a beach. One of them changed. p1
He Just Won’t Die
Crying in the night
The doctor
A Lady in the Lake
I'm done using Uber
The Moment of Convergence
The Mermaid
I’m a Hospice Nurse on the Reservation. My patients have secrets and they will haunt you. Third update.
I (17F) survived being kidnapped, this is how I got out alive
pick up the penny
The Voice From the Woods
The Jesus Ouija Board (Pt 2)
Scream
The Mother of 8 Corpses
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me.
The Dinner Guest
I buried a loved one in my frontyard
After I watched a car hit black ice and wreck, something happened that I still can't explain to this day.
They came from below (Part 1)
Keep waking up
"I REGRET WHAT I SAID"
Division "Y".
Today there were two sunrises, and I think they were the last sunrises I’ll ever see.
Where the Willow Lies
Mimicry
I'm a criminal profiler and this is the end of my stay at Fever Cabin
William’s Hope Asylum
I woke up In a room I’ve never seen before.
Something watches me through the cracks in the door...
Floor 17: The Infinite Hunger of the Cannibal Killers
Do you ever wonder what happens to all your 11:11 wishes?
I can’t sleep that’s all I wanted to say
Does anyone remember a channel called 'Beneath The Static'? (FINAL)
Guided meditation sleep and relaxation for 10 minutes
The Moon Is Taking Over My Town. I Don’t Know How Much Time I Have Left... Pt. 1
The windows
Help, I'm just a stupid gastronomy student. It's all my fault. Just tonight, please. I need you
The Battle at the Orlof's Home
It's For the Greater Good
Where it all begins...
The Best Birthday Party Ever.
Is this where all of the creepy pasta readers get their stories?
My Kid Summoned A Demon
My sister’s a model, and her agency did something to her (Part One)
i made this mess about 5 years ago
A homeless pedophile lived in my room and my parents didnt believe me.
The man at the Crossroads and how he saved my life
What I Inherited
My brother died in a police shooting and I heard his voice at the funeral Part 4 (Ending)
(321) 714-2185
I regret using a deodorant that is completely empty on gas
I had an Encounter in Michigan last Winter
I met someone in the forest, now I'll never go back
We heard static in our Ps4 party and now I'm scared for my life
I deliver food to self isolating houses, and I have to get this off my chest. Part 2.
I can’t sleep at all
Please help me beat him i can't sleep
I doubt you know if drug buyers guide is legitimate or otherwise ?
We keep the mountain clean so you people can hike it safely. Almost.
Everything Is Bigger In Texas Pt 1
my story
Can someone help me find this story?
Don’t Look For Your Gut Feeling
The Drug Mule
Sleepytown
A Miserable Mystery Of The Great War
Three paths appeared in the woods behind my house. The first led me to a lost neighborhood.
I'm an elevator repairman. Here is Rule #7 - Don't ram the doors with your mobility scooter
My son is possessed by a Demon and I have never been happier - Part 2/2.
Room 127: Dead Air, Live Wire
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?- 3rd update
My Christmas Lights have Lasted a Whole Year -- December 2
Its a strange amusement park
I'm afraid of trees...
I'm A Vampire Hunter On My Way To Kill Dracula
It's OK
Things Darker Than Man (PART 2, FINAL)
When It Rains, They Come
We've been playing hide and seek for days, I can't find them.
I don't know what I expected.I found a serial killer's journal in my attic (part 2)
Maxwell: Raising A Psychopath
My Dopperlgänger
The Things From The Depths
My dad died 3 weeks ago, i found this note.
the time i almost got kidnapped
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 4)
closet
My Neighbor Is "Nonverbal," But I Think She's Asking Me For Help
I found a creepy audio recording in an abandoned house
The Fetal Position
There's an eye in my backyard fence. And the fence keeps getting closer. Please help to reassure me.
Houston Files: Hoax or Fact VIII
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
To the man that took my friends from me,
The fruit is just as plump and juicy
I Work in a Haunted Bookstore
In my hometown, our fields were covered by a fog the whole summer
A Vague Visitor
An Abandoned Church
Why I Will Never Go on Another Leisure Drive
Pillars of madness
Bunker Maze
I just wanted to have a relaxing getaway...
People say i shoudnt open doors. Help me
Puberty
I Wake Up In A Different Era Everyday.
I befriended my neighborhood killer. Part 1
Nostalgia (Part 2)
I created an app after 3 months of no-sleep and no-drinks and no one even cares about it.
Black Centipedes
Mr. Lore: This time we won't fail
The Van (part 1)THE WALL.
Prosecutor,
My dad is a demonologist, and I've never actually had a paranormal experience - but lately, I can't really explain what is happening to me...
Who I am? Where am I?
The Voice on the Other End.
The Tonight Show with Gibbs and Satan Ft. The Wendigo September 18th, 2020
Heaven: A Warning (Part 3)
Roger's Mine
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Something Happened Next Door
I’m a forensic psychiatrist and I can’t forget Patient File #1917 – the woman who allegedly lived in “the land of forgotten selves”
It spoke
"My deli doesnt pay me enough for this shit" entry 1 : "faceless freezer freak" and introduction
Don’t trip in a forest near nightfall. No matter how familiar the area.
hgsdcyu
They aren’t the heroes.
My Mother... Is A Monster
Surviving an empty earth
Mascot
I Know Why There Are so Many Missing Children Posters
The story of how I left my father to die...
I Don’t Believe in Chain Mail, But I’m Dying
My friends’ body was found today
My life is disappearing, please help (part 2)
The rise of the horned one
The painting
I don’t like to listen to the radio.
Last Mother's Day
I lost my friend to a drunk driver. Here's my story.
The office email ended with, "Don't be boring!"
There’s something wrong with site Zulu. (Update 3)
A warning and a invitation.
GNAW (part two)
Somebody left an old TV on my porch, what I saw when I plugged it in left me shaken.
Fast asleep
Thanks dicks.
Dead echoes in the frequency
I'm writing to you from an alternate dimension after entering a black hole. Here's what happened.
I'm Lily Madwhip and I Just Want to Go Home
The Wow! Planet
Bad Things in the Ouachita National Forest Part 2
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 5)
In the rain
The Nothing.
Fire Coming Out of a Monkeys Head
Comic book guy beaten in a Deep Web video.
Scariest moment of my life to date
Never Go to a Djinn's home
My neighbor is a serial killer and now I can finally prove it
Lock Your Doors on the Night Before Christmas
I Was Locked in my Bathroom For Four Weeks
Melody of the Arcade. (Part 4)
Don't forget the night light...
Is that a woman in your trunk or are you just happy to see me.
The Dream Catcher
Spooky Unknown Numbers
What I thought was a normal fishing trip turned into a nightmare
The town I lived in as a child had a ritual
I Split Myself in Two
The SCUBA Ghost
My last adventure
I Can See Your Kids From Behind This Bush
Don't go out looking for the Jack-O-Mantern on Halloween. You will find him.
Looking for story I read once...
I Was a Mountain Vigilante
The "robot"
I'm an experimental physicist and there's something wrong with my equipment.
I can see ghosts when I'm hammered. This is the creepiest experience I ever had.
My life has become like a "Choose your own adventure" book.
Thi girl outside the submarine
Police Report #00B-C2-47
I Made A Deal With The Devil, And It Hasn't Gone As Planned
Don’t. Move. Anything
Season 12 Episode 25 Season finalle.
The ring of the bell signals the death of another camper
Now I am ready
I was a Lumberjack
My older brother was stung by a platypus.
I found something strange in the woods by my house, and I need help. (Part 2)
Room 2042: A Warped Perspective
It was wearing his skin.
I vividly remember Tobey. Please tell me he's real.
The Skullcut Man-part 2
I shouldn't have gone on discord
I used to be afraid of Death, not anymore.
Family Values
One Full Year
The Flash
My Muse Became My Incubus (Part 2)
If You Evr Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
Wisconsin Northwoods - The Bog Lake
Binge Watch
Smoke in the Mirror pt 1/3
Nobody’s No Bodies
I finally translated the worlds most mysterious book- The Voynich Manuscript
The Man that followed me
Something attacked me in the woods, and I still dont know what it is to this day
Jessica
Don't be fooled by climate change. It's made up.
Dear Mrs. Smith
The Siren's Call (Repost)What's a good brand of sleeping pill.
Found a really weird email, need help finding out more..
I know this isn't eczema, I'm finding out tonight. (Part two) UPDATE
Has Anyone Heard of Nefertum Tech?
I had a dream about a talking mirror
I went on a fishing trip with my dad, We later realized we weren't alone...
I was in a Coma for a year and awoke in another Dimension
My cat went missing. What came back isn't my cat
Iron
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Six)
People around me are getting replaced, and nobody else is noticing .
Home Sweet Home
Cheesy's World
The Temple’s Watchman
Scared, Afraid, and Terrified.
Megan
The Person Who Watches
I Didn't Believe in Monsters Until Yesterday
(Part 3) I'm a cable guy in the world's creepiest little town, Hollow's End..
I tested out a video game for a friend, and now I'm in danger
The politician who collects votes in the most strangest ways
Don’t look back!
Never Forget a Face
The Woman Who Watched
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist Part II
There is a Picture of me Sleeping on my Phone...I Live Alone...
The shadows that follow me (Part1)
The Antmill
I worked in a care home and some old people are just plain bad
Nepotism
My condition makes me perfect at my job. Allow me to explain.
I was at the grocery store and I got a list of rules.
My mom sent me some old home videos for my birthday, and now we've reached the Showdown at the Quintessential Point.
My family runs an all you can eat buffet. -2nd Update-
There is a reason why every mirror in this house is broken.
My friend has agreed to let me write down some of her scary experiences, and I’m going to share some with you.
I am a Personal Trainer who pushes my clients above and beyond their breaking point.
My abusive mother found me after I moved 5 years ago
The dog that terrorized us
Paradise Was Far from what I Expected . . .
You Thought The Backrooms Were Bad (Part 2)
The Creature Of My Scout Camp
You do not want to go back to work.
New year same old me
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part two)
If this is a prank, it's a really stupid one
My grandmother left behind some really dark secrets.
There Is Nothing Good Waiting For You in Red Eyes, Utah
The Mist. (A story about the future of Covid-19)
Super Mario 128
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part eight), FINAL
Hsvw ejjj
It was supposed to be a Fire Drill...
The man in the closet
The Job
Ghosts of my mother's love
I found an old diary and it spoke about people with White-eyes “Part 1”
Hi my name is Ashley please send help!!!!!
I lost my wife to a being I know only as "The Doctor."
There is something strange about my cousin Royce (part three)
I've been cursed to live in the shadows. My best friend Reika is a little paranoid.
Followed home
How i got through my writers block
Shadow's kiss!
Was she really my Grandma?
The crying demon
Something's tearing holes in the universe. (Part 2)
j
The documents I found in the science lab
Three Urban Legends in Beijing
wel see
The Hut
4:48 a.m.
It Watches From The Trees
The doorbell rang
Nosleep, what's the best way to kill a cat?
I'm the happiest one here.
Welcome to The Apocalypse
The Baby Doll Experiment
Becoming your self
I FOUND A REAL GENIE AND NOW IM CURSED
In 2012 I Was Seduced By a Possessed Couch
It was pale as snow
Life Taken, Life Given ; Act 1 : The Ballad of The Politician of Pain
Loops of Madness
I am not alone
Beware those who stalk without sound
The Picture Frame
Whistleblower - Part
"First Date" by: bins
Question (I will delete immediately after it is answered for declutter)
Surrounded by Memories
"Ghosts" are real, AMA
My house becomes awake at night... only when I am alone
The framed pictures
I, a sleep phantom speaks.
My encounter with something I cannot explain.
There was a Toy store in our town that sold animal masks
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 7
Elizabeth 🎃
Kilter’s Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly
The Pacing Upstairs
I saw my deceased classmate recently (update)
There’s something wrong with the kids on Fifth and Pallid Street.
The Hotel I’m Staying In Had 5 Strange Rules
Loonies in the Dark
Impossible Love, or, Regarding Nicole Trafe
The Wish
I think I lived in a condo with a ghost.
There was a freight ship that sank in the Atlantic, it wasnt because of priates-Part 3
Always Check Your Pockets
The Things that Happen at Sea
Comments are disabled
I think something evil kidnapped my brother
I found it Mr.Midnight
The Guy Nextdoor
Christmas Eve night: 4065
Sweet Deals
My fiance's sleeping habits keep me up at night.
I think my dreams may be warning me (real)
I am waiting for my true love, so excited! 1
No luck next time
I shouldn't have turned my head...
Harvest Moon
A top secret experiment left me with no recollection of my previous life. (Part 2)
I was sent to build homes in Ohio and it was almost the death of me. Part Three - I cant go anywhere here without something happening.
I discovered more than one reason why not to take kids trick or treating this year, thanks to my neighbor's missing children.
i was scared
Hearing meows in the forest
Mikko sees eyes in the woods
PARANORMAL NUMBER.
Mars - or how I learned that a one way colonization trip to a desolate red wasteland gave me hope to live
The skinwalker is coming, nothing can stop him.
Distorted voices at approx. 0250 local. Need answers.
Something Hacked Into My Laptop. It's Coming For All Of Us.
New Tenants
Stranger In The Dark
A Snapchat Suicide
How soon till we see facials masks in movies and series?
NeoNERV: Traveling Particle by Particle Personal Case File 2
The girl in the cave.
My Night Terrors Felt A Little Too Real
My brother Tommy
I momentarily lost myself in the mountains.
I don't believe it
Something in the Way
The Battle of Stamberg
earth is flat
Don't take walks on the beach at 3:00 A.M.
Is There Something Wrong When My Friend Can Look Me In The Eyes and Tell Me That He Is An Old GODThe woods in my town are gated. And for a reason..
Don't download this app
The day my mug went pycho
The thing at 3 AM
Why Did I Have to Look at That Man's Laptop?
The Mirrors Scare Me and They Should Scare You Too
The Pond of Fire
Have you ever heard of the whisper woods? (Part 1/3)
My psychiatrist is a bit unorthodox
I used to believe the forest was empty, boy was I wrong...I can hear you (part 2)
My past is catching up to me and I couldn't be more horrified.
Entry 1: Awesomely Awful, Awfully Atrocious, The Atrociously Absurd Arm-muncher
My mother was Amada Castle.
The man at the window
There are 7 Elder Demons bound on this Earth and I think I've released them all
I was invited to a prestigious writing workshop on horror. My mentor had peculiar methods
The Girl in the Wall
I have been seeing silhouettes outside my window part 1
Searching For A Podcast/Story
A cauldron full of retribution
Standby
I found my old creative writing notebook 😂
I Am Going to Tell You Why I Always Leave a Shot of Whiskey on My Porch Every Night.
Can someone please help me explain this?
A fortune teller told me I will die in a week. I didn't and something weird is happening to me
It was originally after me but now it after my roommate
Crazy Tinder Pedophile
This is actually real, help me
They stared from the trees as I slept.
Don't let me forget!
Isn't nature Beautiful
Imposter
Perspective!
They Were Not Bears
Whistle and sing and repeat. The city will eat you alive.
NeverGales (Harmony Case Pt 1)
I never was a believer
Something has been following me...
The Giant at the Side of the Road
I'm a private investigator who has strange cases pt4
HiMasque Control System (How To Influence The Masses
Sleepover at granny's
I visited a small town in northern Texas. There is something awfully wrong in here, but the residents try to hide it.
Aunt Ninna's House
Queens hospital quarantine, part 3
Lisa's Father
I Interviewed A Politician In An Old Church
I saw something terrifying on a nature webcam.
“Ralph was that you?” Part 1
A year ago an entity took my eyes
I Did What I Had To Do!
Something bad happened a year ago
Days After Our Wedding, Her Smiled Seemed to Grow Darker PT 2
I auditioned for a popular TV show. I'm still having nightmares about my experience.
in here. part one of more. hopefully.
My Grandpa is talking Nonsense
My interesting past paranormal experience.
I'm terrified of what was because its gone
a restless night
There are statues in a forest far away from here
I work in an inconvenience store. The worst part about the job are the customers.
Oh! Did I wake you?
My evil grandmother is ruining my love life
The Lake Has Eyes.
I accidentally cut a guy off on my drive home. That was a bad move.
HELP ME. INAPPROPRIATE TOUCHING WHILE SLEEPING.
The curse of the uk(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBooOmnXVoY)
I think something got my friend.
I Tried To Save The Soul Of A Dying Old Man. I Failed.
The following is a diary of a man who murdered his wife.
The empty room
Mister Payne's Marketplace
Do you want to play?
I am a truck driver. There are some rules I need to follow
I don't care what you've heard, Smanta Claws is real. And he's just eaten my brother.
Beach Vacation
another normal day
Pain-sucide-acceptance...
Inhuman Monster (Part Two)
All of Them Witches: Sisters of the Moon (Part Two)
Misery's Holler ( Part 1)
My Workplace is a front for something strange: Part 1
I should have kicked this guy from the D&amp;D group a long time ago.
The Lady In The Closet
My Dog Died Last Night
🌙 The falling elevator dream 🌙
Pokémon Go
The Home That Does Not Exist.
Red Springs, the town you’ve never heard of.
Something is in my closet
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. : Omega Black.
Death Dreams
Me and My Friends are checking out my Grandparents house - Finale
Anyone else remember being a kid and imagining something sprinting alongside you when you were in your family cat?
(HE WATCHES YOU)
Bottle Caps
Weird bright lights
The Editors
All teenagers in the town killed their parents in self defence. (Part l)
I’ve been working at a strange daycare for a while now. Here are my stories. (Part 2)
Buniko Mountain
All of our babies come from the forest
So I Stayed at my moms house
I never would have dreamed that...
Abyss Of The Mind (Day 3)
How does an African American woman, from the lower 48, mysteriously learn how to Hula dance?
Cute old man
I used to be a janitor at a research centre that conducted a gruesome experiment.
I don't remember right or left...
Home Invasion In Brent County
My awful experience with the deep web.
I’m not crazy
The Dead Watch Me from theMirror
I keep seeing blue doors everywhere I go. I'm starting to think it isn't a coincidence.(part 2)
How could anyone forget the day the sky turned purple? Part 3.
BEWARE OF THE NEMPHIANS!
How I Helped Catch the Green Street Ripper
Happy 420
The Cruise
They sentenced me to life in outer space
The cries
SCP:096
I’m going to be a bell-girl at a weird hotel.
I was a Police Officer investigating a missing person in the woods and it was the worst case of my career
The fire took everything
Thanksgiving dinner with the Fonts
There’s a creature outside in my backyard #q
I waited for ten years to use my pair of jugular scissors. The wait was worth it.
Life and Death in the Midwest
She Follows Me (Pt. 2)
Dont go towards the light.
My Wife Won't Leave Hobby Lobby
Primary Source Report of the Missing Guide Ship Hamlet, Southern Australia.
So I’m able to see spirits
A price to pay for happiness.
Staying in every birthday is a small price to pay for my life
Edward, the Garbage Man
I heard a man call out to me and I wondered where he'd be. But the man who called was nowhere, nowhere I could see
I Can’t Sleep
Hell has had a revolt
This ice cream has no flavor. But it can turn something into nothing, and nothing into something.
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and It Worked Frighteningly Well
I walk my dogs in graveyard late every night.
holY SHIT I THOUGHT THE STORIES WERE REAL I STARTED FREAKING OUT AND THEN I LOOKED AT THE RULES AND IM HAVING A HEART ATTACK RIGHT NOW
I've slayed evil for thousands of years, and I need help.
My Grandmother (Part 1)
Tear gas and blood
The Forbidden Files~ E1/D4
I know this honestly sounds really dumb but......
Killer Paramedic
Winter's Ghost
Every year I spend Christmas with complete strangers at an abandoned Bed&amp;Breakfast. This is not by choice.
The Black Dog Delivered Me.
DO NOT GO TO ANNY DETETION CENTER
I Think Eleanor Knows
I found a tape that I wasn’t supposed to listen to.
I Can See You’re Eyes
Do not go to a place named "Now Here", if you do, don't commence trade of any sorts.
How to Survive Camping - Rule #3: the lights
My Father is Hiding Something in the Attic
The Backwoods Of Somerset Part Two
My... Paranormal (?) experience(s)
I Helped Create An App Called SeerAR. It's Scarier Than I Thought.
The woods
I think my sister is in trouble because of my nightmares. I’ll write again if it gets worse.
I just ordered a pizza
When The Circus Comes To Town, Ignore It
I’m a ‘Rock-Collector’. I hunt the nightmare boulders of the black beach.
I Was Trapped In A Phone Booth (Grand Jester YouTube Channel)
The Last Chapter- Part 1
The most terrifying time I played hide and seek
An Anime Girl is Stalking Me. Help.
Creepy statue
goop
Something Was Pretending To Be My Mother In the Night
सेब चोर - Hindi Kahaniya - Moral Stories - Cartoon Fairy Tales – Kira st...
Mother Nature
My vagina sometimes changes people’s genders
Mr. Grandy the Juggler
Amnesia Ruined My Life
You should stay away from walls at Halloween
My Cell Mate..s
Theory of alternate universes
i had a C.W.P. for four years and never had a problem
Something Many People Feel and Only Few Can See
In Asteré
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules
My ghost twin
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 8)
I Now Know Why They Are Called Weeping Willows
Me and my friend found an abandoned shed in the woods. I wish I'd never take any pictures again. (Part 2)
The Wishing-(you would die)-WellThe Kiss
Can we use foreign stock markets to predict the US stock market?
Birthday Photos
My friend read me a book called "Silent Nursery." Now I'm seeing goblins and the homicidal shadows of children.
June 2019 Contest Voting Thread
New Youtube Narration Channel for Nosleep / Scary Stories / Etc.
Something’s Wrong With My Body
I saw something really weird today...
Phantom Eye Syndrome
I haven’t been feeling like myself lately, I figured out why (creepypasta)
My daughter's high school performance went horribly wrong. And the worst night of our entire lives followed.
Murder House
I found a tunnel into nothing
When I was little, one of my wardrobe's doors was always open
hello, i have a question i want to ask
Anyone else visit that strange treehouse in the forest?
No voltees
I fell through a puddle on a morning jog
The Missing Link, uncovered
QD: Employee of the Month - Entry #15
Sister
Djarnak
True Art Comes From Deep Within
What Bart Saw
Not mine, it's u/wid89 's.
This Apartment Is Haunting Me &amp; My Sister For 16 Years Through Sleep Paralysis
Tentacles🦑
I Can Successfully Treat Any Unsound Mind Within Less Than an Hour, but My Services Come at a Price.
Room #555: The locksmith is in the house
I dont know where to post this
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange a disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality
My Rural Abode
Something CHASED me on the way back to my apartment! Part two? Hahahaha
Its True When They Say Left Handed People Are In Line With The Devil
If you never had your organs eaten, you should thank me
Toilet paper hoarding
No good deed goes unpunished
Wake up.
There’s a loud ringing in my head and I think I found a way to stop it.
Fry him an egg every morning - Part 1
The Girl That Got Away
Please help, I think I'm about to die but I can't get a hold of anyone
My Grandfather Had One Rule
Adam
I was sent a creepy deep web video, but I think it might've been real.
Online Chatting.
How my life changed when I found a friend in the deserted storage unit 7-21 (Final Part - 5)
A Monster Nearly Ate Me Not Far From Chernobyl
The Great Debate
Illinois lol
The incident from my childhood that still haunts me at night.
Quarantine Insomnia
Whilst I am watched. Whilst I scream. Whilst I cry.
Home Invasion or Paranormal ? You decide
I Think It's Visiting Me In My Dreams Again
The Bad Connection
Aliens abduct me EVERY Night. 👽
Brutus’ Strain
Do you feel threatened?
DeadEnd
A horrifying creature is on my street. Part 2 (Finale)
Eldritch Abyss
A US Veteran Stopped a Mass Shooting and was vilified for it.
The Otherfucker
I went hiking with my friend
There's a cult behind my grandparents house
I finally know where my sense of direction comes from
The breakdown at the Triton Facility
My sister hides in the closet. But according to my mom, I don't have one. Not anymore.
My family owns a resort where the rich hunt people for sport. Everyone is on acid.
I went to the attic my dead family had never opened for years.
Jdjdididndjduddj yshhxjjfjdjdididkkdfkkffidiskskdifkfjfkkhelpdjdusjhsizjfkdisidncnxhhzjsjsjfnxnjxjxksjrnfjcicocmfjirriowoeifjjcucjxjxidujdddududjdj
I’m a leaker, but the document I’m disclosing is banned from WikiLeaks.
Even Superheroes are fucked up.
Don't visit... they'll follow you.
BEWARE OF THE NEMPHIANS IN OLYMPIC NATIONAL PARK!! (Part 1)
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist (Part III)
G.O.D. is real, and is very much not on our side
I met a man in the park, then he did something to my daughter. (Part 2)
Real Life Horror
And So It Will Be
What happened to my girlfriend? (video included)
Home Alone
Someone’s in my home
I thought it was my cat...but she was next to me.
My childhood experiences in a small town.
The man in the mirror
The Royal Secrets: Part 1
The Garden of Evelyn
One Page Horror Stories: Poke It With A Stick
(#s graphic violence, child abuse) I've been deaf for the past 14 years, but a couple days ago, I heard for the first time. I wish I never had.
Former Paramedic here to tell you about some seriously crazy shit that went down near the Mexican border
I'm in the illuminati
My Sister’s Face Was Stolen and It’s All My Fault
Dangerous Beans
Something is Preying on Our Town
My Brother Broke our Number 1 Rule
Can't remember my childhood and it gets me paranoid!
It won’t stop raining.
The Truth About The Polar Express
Men at the Door
To the man under my house.
Misfortune
I love my dog, Raccie
My friend lives in the mountains and he’s stumbled on something weird.
If you hear crying coming from the woods, Never follow it “4”
I work as a monster hunter part 1
Those stairs are in the desert too now
A question for you humans.
Be careful with what houses you renovate
I found my old disposable camera. There are photos on it I don’t remember taking
My grandfather
I do accounting work for the DOD and my latest case has me stumped
The mutilated
My Dream Job Has Become a Nightmare
Replacement
My Father Did Something Horrible
November 2020 Winners!
Excerpt from a story i'm writing called "Cult Of Ayuwoki" (based off the game Escape The Ayuwoki)
The tale of The Siren Head
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road Part 6 Finale
Marlon keeps calling and villagers attack on sight!
I found a journal documenting a terrible fate.
Vampire?
dark_within
Because Life is just that CruelIn my hometown there was a restaurant that was always open but no one could enter
My Entire School Just Got Emailed A Suicide Note
Something seems off about my neighbors.
The "man" behind the green door. (Part 2)
Mason Jar
I'm a former police officer and I have a rather unsettling story to share.
How to survive a night at Kanapitsa
I used to work at a video store.
There was a Murder on my Street.
It Destroys
Apex legends horror story part 2
helpmehelpmehelp
It lives in the woods
My Vagina has a Mystical Third Eye and it tells me when someone is about to Die
The 9-eyed Spider
Ten Years
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve got some stories to tell. Part two
Go Back To Sleep
I’m trapped in my room, I can’t leave .pt 2
The Cabin in the Pines
Mirror Gazing
I work at a hospital. These are some of the scariest cases I've tackled.
Always Face Away From Elevator Doors
Leech
I'm a scientist who studies monsters in the field.
Prologue Welcome to Paradise
I used to see people (or things) at night
Hillary Clinton ate my asshole.
Don't ever be awake past midnight on Christmas Eve-December 24
I’m new here, so let me tell you all a story that I made out of a day dream that I had...
my name is Joshua Kevin Howard and I move a lot.
One-Thirty-Four Beaumont Drive
The forest. Part 1 introduction
I'm sorry, Dad.
there goiing to spred lies about me and say that i was fliping out and going crazy
"Řůñåwąý" part 1
"They are watching me"
I think I found something, and I'm scared....
2 in 1
The toy i found in the woods
Two sentence horror stories anyone? I'll start
Too late
I not from this reality.
The downside of training serial killers.
My Teacher Was Eaten Alive.
Grandpa
Diary of a Demon Part Five- Final
I think there's something wrong with me.
I work for NASA and we've ended life on Mars (FINAL)
True Nature
Don't take candy from strangers
Quick and Queathing
The note in the mailbox
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  Thunder and Lightening
The previous tenant left a survival guide. This building will never be short of surprises.
My grandmother once told me that farts are the screams of trapped poop. Last night, I met a man in the woods that told me the truth
What Happens When A Clown Dies At Your Birthday Party? You Don't Want To Know.
Oh
The Owls In the Forest Can Talk
Something is down in southern MD
So this story is sad and scary(Mental abuse)
Siren head is real
Make sure to follow the rules at D.L.O High School. Or else.
I knew a girl called Maddie - Third Update
I sleepwalk and it's become a problem
Evidence item 443: Lighthouse log 4-12-86.
The man on the wall p1
I work for a secretive organization, something is coming.
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 3
The thief who wished to steal the world (Part 3) or: This little piggy went to the meat market.
Spirits in the Dark
I saw something i shouldnt have in a Pennyslyvania forest
"Help..Where is everyone?"
Special Incidents unit - Part 1
The 8th continent.
The Reason I Never Sleep With The Light On
A game with the devil
The real life counterpart to the SCP Foundation
My relatives lived peacefully in a big and cheap rental house, until one thing happened and it changed everything.
Doesn't Christmas Eve Seem to Last Forever?
I was attacked last week.
Uncle Jack (part one)
The Final Days (Records of the End)
The Horrors of the Woods (Part 1)
Shallow Water
I'm Addicted To Visiting Other Dimensions - Part One
Searching for something (not a scary story)
They weren’t my neighbors. They were something... other.
My Teeth Have Been Hurting
Help me. I am being held hostage by a group called Mangled Spirits
My Grandpa was a Demon Hunter in Vietnam (Part 2)
This may not be too scary but here's a short one about a strange strange experience I had a few days ago.
Having a conversation with the deceased
They Need Clean Towels
Does anyone know which nosleep story has this guy falling into a hole, he gets trapped, and a pale creature is in the cave with him...
Stop what you're doing. Now breathe.
My kidnapper just left the door open because he knows I cannot leave...
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here UPDATE
The Drowning Pool
I have practiced psychic ability. Then I got possessed by a demon. Am I going to Hell? Will Jesus forgive me? Do I need an exorcism?
My job is to watch people die.
Miss Poppy's Home For Girls: Thoughts?
MacroWare Wing Sim
I travelled the Multiverse, and the Gods are coming.
My ex-girlfriend is stalking me.
Drugs Are Bad, kids
If you're homeless, do NOT go to the Taco Bell on Route 122
any two sentence horror stories??I was dead: blood transfusion
Mirrorverse
The Gray
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 17)
I need your help
Bye
I've Worked at a Wastewater Treatment Facility for 14 years now. These are the things I've found in the sewage.
I just went through 10 minutes of horrifying sleep paralysis
My daughter's new husband is slowly learning my native language, and he's really starting to scare me.
My freshman year of highschool is fucked up.
Terrible nightmare
Found a interesting newspaper article, seems more like a crime report than a article
I sold my own shadow. I had to pay a monthly fee to get it back.
It won't let me leave.
I'm blind but I think something is trying to imitate my family
Monstrosities of the Mind- A miniseries about OCD
Disney after Dark: It's a Dead World After All
A Little Laughter
The Eastern Forests
Who Was John Rigby? (Pound of Flesh)
What On Earth Is Going On
The Dystopia
"Whatever You Do, Don't Stare at The Genjutsu Monster."
Carefully as they go
Muž Kukuřice
Three Questions for a Witch
The Path to Becoming Self-Aware
I broke the new rules at work and the consequences have proven terrible.
There’s a giant person in the sky.
Testing
Death strikes twice
We all learn
I've Seen God's Plan For Us All And It's Terrifying
This video keeps me awake at night
Everyday the bells sound at 2:30pm, then the storm comes
Am i crazy? (1)
Grandfather's Letter, or, The Officer
Today I went sailing. I never want to go again.
This is the first story I’ve ever tried to write, it’s not finished, just wanted to get maybe some feedback from people. Let me know.
I work at an adventure centre and now we have a new rule (part 2)
Yowie story (Aussie encounter)
I am stuck in 2019
$5 for your response! Do you have trouble sleeping? ( PayPal / Amazon Gift Card )
This guy should be interviewed on the next season of Mindhunters.
I'm not one for telling stories, but I felt I should share this
What you can't hear.
Atlanta writer dies from unsubscribing from emails.
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part II: The Lights
My Experience
sleep is the least of your problems
Unsolved Case Files #18 &amp; #4
I was ratted out by my guardian angel.
I live At The North Pole(Part 8)
Just need to talk to someone about this.
Guys I accidentally found dd, what do I do?
What Bobby Brought
My Hometown has Rules: Rule 4I was kidnapped when I was younger *TRIGGER WARNING*
I dreamed of paths in the mist
Shadow Veil
I participated in a “voices simulation” for class. It’s been three days and the voices haven’t stopped.
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (part 2)
Something crawled inside me in the night and I can't get it out.
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 5
Saw something. Don't know what it was.
Life Insurance
This is Art
I Trapped My Best Friend in A Computer Game 16 Years Ago
The Pavement
This youtuber asks for people to be his friend. Whoever agrees leaves and never comes back alive.
This media is not available because it includes content you’ve chosen not to see.
Hey @u_1map_dude1
I hurt other people's dogs so that I could see my own
Diaries- TW Rape, violence, death
I Found a Diary in the Woods Part 2
Some Stories for Me?
I’m doing online school and I found a set of rules under my laptop today...
My hands need to eat.
What if they were carnavores?
Eyes are popping up all over my body and there's no way to stop it now
Emma
My group fitness trainer’s stretching routine
Something followed along with me
I found a box of cassettes at a Swap Meet, I regret listening to them
Never hike at 0:00 to 2:00
Screaming in the dark
i work at a gas station in the middle of nowhere. an interaction i had with a customer left me broken
The Buzzing
Sometimes They Say Things (Pt. 2)
After I picked up the phone, I realised I never heard it ring
Madam Horror
I killed Dorian Minerva
Sometimes we all need a good scare to put things in perspective. Well, I certainly have a new perspective after this. But not necessarily for the better...
Working at an amusement park: the Laughing Cowboy and the Sugar Plum Fairy
They Are After Me. {Part 1}
My 5 year old niece needs a babysitter and anyone would do!
I Thought I Was Imagining The Noises Outside My Window, Until I Saw The Tracks in The Snow
River Valley Federal Penitentiary, 1987
I did my own autopsy
I Stopped Taking My Anxiety Medicine and Now I’m Going Crazy
Cries of Help
I saw a man on the street putting on a puppet show. I think he broke into my fucking home later that night.
Mama:
I have Catoptrophobia. A phobia of mirrors
Creepy delivery guy
We inherited our Grandma's house
I work the night shift at Walmart, my partner has been acting strange lately
Stop me if you’ve heard this one before.
"because i covered myself in oil" the story
R vs MATLAB: Unbiased Comparison to Choose The Best
All ships are haunted.
Every morning,I find a box with a missing child's severed limb in it on my porch
Pray You Never See Him
The Room with the Red Light
The Summer of 2006
Tales of a lonely security guard part 9:The missing tenants
you're next
I can't deliver this pizza (Pt. 2)Something weird happened while I was camping
My teacher is a serial killer, and his next victim will be me.
I got a new job at a museum. I found a terrifying list of rules (1/2)
Monster ExpressI used to Live in a Haunted House
dude wtf
All kinds of Trigger Warnings.
I basically never dream
Don’t go shaking hands on trails
The Collector's Harvest
A Grandaughters Dream (Part 1)
Every three months my daughter and I have to move. I've finally told her why. Chapter 4
Satan, Coronavirus, and Computers
The Neighbor
Really need to see if its just all a lie
The Wasps. Part 1
Police station ghost? Or my imagination?
There are rules when living next to the woods. Ignore the lights in the trees.
I was a leading scientist at AspectLabs, Wuhan China. What escaped wasn't *just* Covid19... Part 1: The Secrets Unshared
Hell's Asshole
I saw a shadow when i was little
Where was I?
The Ant Mill
I absolutely started that fire. Sorry.
NASA Is Trying To Kill Me
I can hear the trickling all the time
My Last Dance
Worms. My dog!!!
(WIP) Just a play of light and shadow.
As I left my shower, I saw bloody bootprints and writing on the mirror
I'm working with the National Park Service, stationed in a remote tower in Alaska. I don't think I have much time left.
Give him what he wants
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an incident at a middle school. (Part 7)
The Midnight visitor
**SECURITY ALERT** (part 3)
I dreamed again of my childhood imaginary friend
Something weird is going on and i am freaking out
My grandpa's journal held the tragic horrors of his past
It never goes away
People call me psychotic. I prefer criminally insane
I went on a seemingly normal business trip from London to Chicago, but i booked the forbidden room in the hotel. (Part 2)
dream
Looking for a certain story
Looking for the story of a child who grew up in a family cult and had to defend theirselves from the government... it was well written and I can’t remember what episode of the podcast it was on! Weird story
The photographer
Strange experience in the woods
I work the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules. (Part 5) ending
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land.
Me and My Friends Took a Walk in the Woods, It had rules
The Kitty Dimension
5 SCARY GHOST CAUGHT ON CAMERA
I dreamed of monsters(part 1 of 2)
The Burbles
I was just going to the toilet
I've read a really crappy horror story online and now I am afraid
Back in soviet russia things aren't right
Cassadaga Sequence 1 w/Video
premarital intercourse
Was my first apartment haunted or did I just experience sleep paralysis?
I used to work at one of those haunted houses growing up. It was more than haunted.
Ever thing keeps vanishing and no one believes me. ( part 1 )
This morning the toilet seat was warm, I live alone
My smart assistant tried to kill me. You have to hear this before it finds the next person. Next time, it might finish the job.
We Will Not Return to Kiriyama
Is there hooks in the sky?
HELP!! i have some questions about this demon that i saw 7 years ago and now i've see her(it) almost every night for the past 3 months
The Family Dog
Super Glue product recall.
Absolute TruthPrayer Bones
Rain Isn't The Only Thing That Can Ruin The Fourth of July
The island of the damned - Final
I'm a mountian climbing guide. Last year 4 group members had 'unexplained' deaths...
I saw something reflected in my dogs eyes.
Your daily routine in purgatory
I've become an unwilling member of the wild hunt, today I dealt with the skinwalker.
My first encounter with the paranormal
My name is Tanner, and I think I might be sick
The Rush... (Part 1)
TORMENTED. Last part we finally were able to get rid of our tormentors, the spirit and the evil of the evelist demon.
I see shadow figures.
Mr Spindle
It came from the mines (Part 5 - Final)
Chill Sack or Ultimate Sack?
Covid-19
66 OakTree Dr. (Part 1/18)
I got a job at a toy store; this is what happened to me...
Listener Submitted Stories
IMPORTANT MESSAGE! PLEASE READ!
De Amantes y Venganzas
I lost my wife, but now she's back.
My dads house is haunted and I just moved back in.
Global Neighborhood Watch
A former friend on Discord has threatened to commit murder. I'm doing something drastic to stop them.
Why Won’t it Let Me Sleep?
I don’t know witch is worse: the wet footprints or the reflection...
Yet another cautionary tale about Ouija boards (Pt1)
I watched a video on YouTube, I think it cursed me
I can now sleep. My grandmother is dead.
Lotteries are a trap for time travelers.
I found a journal...
I might post in the wrong r/, let me know :)
HELLO. MY NAME IS SID FITZBERG AND I'M NOT ME.
My Patient Warned Me, I Didn’t Listen
Story Hunter (Part 2)
I thought I should’ve feared Aliens. But instead, my fear of Earth has grown.
Wait, that's not a human... ( Part 1 )
Hungry
WTF was that
The Peephole
Anyone remember this
My computer is alive
(1) The Thanksgiving From Hell
The new girl in our gang was really hot.
My school has been on lockdown for a week
Never track the source of strange radio signals
Scary Story
I Finally Killed My Dentist
Jeffrey Dahmer Is Still Alive.
The phobia
After My grand father died he did the most unexpected thing..
Just a dream(part 1)
I Wish I Hadn’t Listened to My Grandfather’s Recordings
The Cheshire Man
I am a serial Killer and nobody knows who I am.
Staying With My Aunt Who I've Never Met Before And I Can't Leave
Spongebob
Undying Beauty
Chip prizes
My brother has a knife
I work as private armed security on a construction site overnight, and I'm seeing things that...don't make sense. (Part 2)
The box we found the summer before high school (Part II - the cabin)
Thanatophobia
My wife and I wanted to spice up our sex life.
I wish I had just thrown the broken earphones out.
Checkmate
Things Darker Than Man (PART 1)
We thought there was something haunting our basement. We were wrong.
My favorite true crime podcast updated while I visited my parents. The episode is about their murder.
The Walls Can Hear and See Everything
You have been distant...
Infighting
I'm a chemist and we had a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger.
My neighbour hangs more than just clothes
Dead Granny
Three paths appeared in the woods behind my house. The third led back home.
Who know the country Luxemburg???
insirtation
Don’t Tempt Fate 1 - The Search
The Day I Cried (With a Videogame)
Animal Control is a Dangerous Job
My co-worker's sister is really fucking creepy...
WHO THE FUCK is Biohazard Bill?
I work in a nuclear power station. There are some rules to follow.
The Atlanta Broadcast Signal Intrustion
Help me with the plot for a short scary video shoot next week...
Paranormal BlacktivityI found an old time capsule from the 12th century, what was inside will never leave my head.
I bought a laptop off of eBay and found this strange video on it
Teacher Tried to Change my Identity
¿Quieres obtener juegos y premios gratis en tu tiempo libre?
201
IVAN-a sci-fi horror story
SIGNS
Psychopomp
In Remembrance: The Rat Journals.
Pizza Delivery On The Dark Web
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 8)
U
I Foolishly Went On The Dark Web, I'm No Longer The Same
My friend and I know the truth (Update 2)
the haunted treehouse
Concerned Parent
Something happened on Christmas Eve.
I'm an overnight caregiver pt1
Insomnia is treatable, in six weeks, without sleeping pills
I Work At The Only Pizza Place In Town (Part 5)
The Thing in My Dorm
As Is Dog Law
A shapeshifter on the footbridge?
The Forest Monster
I am not sure if I am a crazy old man getting carried away, or if I really need your help
Dear, Killer.
It’s been over 96 hours
I went to a Flat-Earthers’ convention and now I’m a believer
If you see her swipe left!
On a Foggy Afternoon
Dirty Date
At the end of the day, they don’t care
the doll and the puppeteer
Have You Touched Minds With Someone You Love?
I think I have accidentally become the monster that lurks in the woods
My Own Phone Number Keeps Messaging Me
Wrong head
New Aldron: The smiling hitchhiker
The Great Equation
Redd
I Cant
I have had the same dream every night for the past 49 years
Pretty Isn't A Crime
Dried Blood (pt.1)
A few days ago I started recording myself sleepwalking. What I did while asleep led me to discover that my house has a second basementI did not sleep alone.
A strange encounter from a roadside assistance worker
Her house was a gate to stop demons, until one day
My neighbor's dog won't stop barking, what do I do?
The opera ripper
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Let Anyone Become an Honors Student
The experimental treatment I’m receiving isn’t working. In fact, I think it’s going to kill me.
A trick to falling asleep
They paid me $5000 to go through hell
My grandparents had a room where the walls used to cry.
My friend invited me to his hometown and now my friend says to not go outside
How I was re-victimized by law enforcement as a victim of sex crime
Back in the old days, we had a strange job. Subject 11 (Part 3)
Bad dreams lately
Accidental Dimensional Jump?
I was afraid of the thunderstorm last night, my dog was afraid of something else.
The Drain
No Sleep live stream?
The mountain keeps getting bigger, and no one can go near it without disappearing
My wife is scaring me while she's asleep, I'm getting some help
My childhood ghosts.
Ice cubes melting. Help!
The Trees are Walking. Part 1
My best friend is dead, but nobody believes me.
My dorm has rules that no one told me about, rules that could possibly end a life (Part 2)
How did I forget?
The One Who Follows
I just moved in to my new house, and there are foxes in the basement.
Redstop #2.Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. I think I've just discovered where they're going.
A dream but real?
...or is this my personal heaven?
My son's camera monitor alerted in the middle of the night. I checked it and saw my wife and son sitting on the bed. They weren't my wife and son.
1921 pt 1
What I found in my grandma's basement will haunt me forever (part one)
Weird Phone call tonight.
My sister is a triple amputee, yet I can hear her walking around at night Pt.3
The authorities are hiding a new disease from us. People are turning {FINALE}
A man keeps stalking me everyday
My blood sings to me
Who Are You?
Sleeping for two days
The Social bee
Through the Night
Working at...
A lost TV Show - episode 2.
The unknowable dish
A strange account sent me a friend request on Discord. This is the full story of what happened.
The Cold House
Everybody in the world gets told someday how much longer they have to live. I got one day.
The Eden Syndrome: Part 2
In the night she chases
A month ago I was trapped in what I thought was my bedroom (Part 1/3)
IF YOU GET A SPAM CALL FROM A NUMBER THAT LOOKS LIKE THIS +236 82 DO NOT ANSWER IT!! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE VOICEMAIL EITHER
ATTENTION!!!!! Need suggestions
The Apartment Beyond Reality
What I encountered while on a job as a lumber jack.
The Haunted mirror
He wrote it on the back of his hand.
This Is Your Fault
Something just happened to me.
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours
I Love Hugs
Green Valley Alarms
My school just got put on lockdown. The 'school shooter' isn't a person. (Part One)
Colwins cornee
Dark Web YOUTUBE VIDEO
About Sasha, Pt 2
Creep that followed me home and returned my shoes
I went to see an abandoned church in the countryside... I wish that I hadn’t.
The cat in the road
We got in, but now there is something outside.
I’m an actor in REDACTED, and the REDACTED network have killed my castmates.
My First Day on the Job at Disney World is Getting Worse (Part 2)
Degrading
Baby boy D.
There’s Something in the Rubble
A "Glitch" in the Woods
A night at the cabin.
Dybbuk?
HElp Wifi bad
Gj
My class did a project that caused several people to go missing
I installed hidden cameras to catch my wife cheating. What I saw in the footage was much worse.
Someone keeps knocking on my apartment door
The summer camp I worked for burnt down last year, and I feel I can finely get something off my chest.
A reminder to all you campers out there that there are other things in the woods too
Wesley Jr.
One large pie and a Coke please. (Part 2)
I’m guessing you guys enjoy horror or slasher films. Watch terrifier
My ChristianMingle profile matched me with the Angel of Death
The doppelganger that left me forever confused
I’m a storm chaser. This one shook me to my core.
Killer near me....
Missing daughter found
What Would You Do For 5 Million Dollars
I Bought A Game Called YOUR CHOICE There Is Something Wrong With My Copy... Part Two
The Old Lady in My Neighborhood
They killed my baby, and in return im going to kill all of them
I have a condition that influences electronics, and the condition is often deadly (FINALE)
All I wanted to do was improve my sex life
MY 68-YEAR-OLD RETIRED PORTLAND'S ARE LIEUTENANT WHO'S NOW INCARCERATED HAS COVID HELP WHAT DO I DO TO SAVE HIS LIFE?
Just wake up (Part 1)
CON:t/RoL
I work as a supermarket night guard but not for the reason you think: Amon and Daren
My brothers snores are keeping me up.
My lights won't stop flickering...
Something strange happened my first day back to work, and it's not okay
My friend.
When I was a child, I used to get letters that were written by a cat. I dread opening them now.
There's Something Wrong with the Disused Road in my Town
I am ready to die
My town has an old rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. The song is almost over. (PART 3 of 4)
that little feeling
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 3)
I Finally Told My Mom Why I Hate Dolls
Part 2: Coal Country and What Lies Within
My Dad told .d to never look into the pipe. I didn
The K*****b**h Horror House: spooky tales from the newsroom (Part 1) - Repost
My old house
I had a weird dream last night.
I fight ancient beings and I have some stories.(Part 2.1)
ReStarting (Part 1)
Please come find me.
SIREN HEAD-original person. who made this monster trevor henderson
I Found a Diary Tucked in a Brick at an Abandoned Psych Hospital Part 2
The Haunted Forest behind Dan’s building🌳💀
This call may be recorded for quality assurance
how to survive paranormal shit: chapter 1 - that bitch in the woods
My Neighbors wanted me to dog sit for them. What I found in their Basement left me horrified.
Room 550
My Experience as a Telemarketer
Please ship Next Day Air Early AM
My mother and I part2
The Alarms
Found this weird old guy passed out in the middle of the road
I Should Have Paid Attention to the Weird Kid in my Dorm
I Think Someone or Something is Taking Over My Body While I Sleep
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly
Flat Cats and Groggy Doggies
Awakening "ancient evil"
A guy broke into my house while i had online school
Fractured (part 1)
As Bad As You Think
Jamie's Diary
My awkwardness is lethal.
Camping with family turns to Skin-Walker sighting.
The amusment park i work at has some weird rules
I encountered something out in the snow now I’m afraid to go outside
I Live In an Uncharted Country (Chapter 1)
Mr. Lore: Let's go on an adventure!
Stories from a line cook part 3
CONSPIRACY THEORY
I've been having some bad hallucinations in public...
Why My Parents Never Celebrated Halloween
I know how the fishes feel
I own a cat who doesn't have a mother. Not from the same species, anyway.
Quest Log
I woke up in the strangest resort ever. Somebody please save me.
I draw ungodly creatures for a living, I deeply regret it.
I went camping with my dad, he dissapeared a couple minutes ago.
I have no memories of my birthdays, except for the last. I wish I didn’t.
It wasn’t just a dream
Do NOT Open Your Eyes... (Pt. 1)
The house on North high Drive (Part 1)
When the wind blows
I used to do miniatures for commission
Need help finding a creepypasta/story
The Closet
It all started with a simple medical project.
My name is Scotty Blue and Billy Ray Cirus is a mass murder.
Stephen Manor
Jaime at the end of the hall.
The Dove's Chirp
They call it a "Medical Impossibility"
When The Pigs Scream
Niggers are hella black and gay
December 2020 contest nominations
My Experiences with Sleep Paralysis
I'm a detective, and the case I was assigned makes no sense
Cancer has run in my family for a long, long time. A woman just offered to cure it.
Four
Do you love r/nosleep? Well you will love this YouTube channel!!
My pet dog tried to warn me
The green lake series
The Decision That Broke Me
Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline; Severance Pay is a Little Different Here
Stalker Problems(ongoing)
There is a new door in our house
Reggie was my sons best friend. I can't believe i've done this..
I'm a correctional officer at an underground prison. I think the warden is up to something. (Final)My friend worked as an overnight janitor, they told me what happened on their last night before they went missing
Just me and a couple of pals
TO: Rebecca. My love and pride. I miss your warmth.
My high school ex-girlfriend has been following me for the past five years
I have a monster in my home that attacks me while I am blinded
The Night Parade
ICE MACHINE BROKEN
I FAPPED FOR THE FIRST TIME YAYA
Being Essential isnt that Great
The Burnt Man
My mother is angry
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 5)
The most beautiful girl in the world.
Have you experienced wonderland?
Him.
My friend and I recorded a video and it didn't come out right....
Close your eyes &amp; type this sentence “I love green”. Show results.
i just wanna see how many up votes i can get
The numbers conspiracy.
I think I discovered a new month, But it is a weird month
I think my dealer is working with the feds.
The Bugs
Something Happened at my 3D Printer Store
BPM
I expanded my mind
Shared dreams
Wolves Howl At The Bells Of Venice
I’ve seen what happens when you defy god
I think my life just changed forever, and I had no say in it. (Part 1)
COULDN'T SLEEP LAST NIGHT BECAUSE I WAS TOO BUSY WATCHING THIS AWESOME VIDEO BY EJC EXPLORATION ON YOUTUBE WHERE THEY EXPLORE AN ABANDONED FACTORY FULL OF LOADED NEEDLES AND GRAFFITI WITH EXPLORATION UNKNOWN. THE VIDEO WAS AWESOME AT THE END THE COPS WERE CALLED.
**A DECLARATION OF WAR AND INDEPENDENCE**
A Video Rental Store Just Opened On My Block- Part Two
I saw a monster in a killer's dream
Weird Shit happens in my town. They expect me to solve it. I don’t think I can.
I Am An Investigator For The Mortician's Network
When my Great Auntie Madsen shows up, someone in my family always dies.
You guys!! Dr Margin has a new podcast! Idk if you remember his posts or his book but I'm so glad he's back!!
I found a mysterious box on my doorstep. What was inside changed my life forever.
No mans land was around the corner.
The memoirs of Heinrich Graf p.2
I Work at the Darabont County Archives Part Six G History Section
Sleep Deprived
FSA Evidence Cache - PROJECT LOTUS - Memory Dump #1
Help me find my old favorite?
The Other World Updated More Coming
My mother wrote a letter that told a dark truth about myfamily Part 3/7
Is there any rituals to do at school
What could be up there?
Something Strange Is Going On Next Door
Ornaments/ Part 2
Have Any of you Veterinarians been Feeling Particularly Homicidal Lately?The Distortionist
The beast killer
There’s something wrong with site Zulu.
Family apartment reoccurring sleep paralysis
I played on my computer for approximately 1148.34 hours.. and I never remembered it all.
Welcome To Charlie’s: I Work At a Grocery Store That Might Be a Portal To Hell
My Number 1 Fan
The Dreadful Hunt
This is not the Nightmare I expected my job to be
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART ONE (1)
Spending a summer at Grandma's
Watching West Wing after midnight
Late Night Convenience Store
My mom died. Now she's back and wants to kill my sister.
When I was around 3 or 4 me and brothers watched a video, and scared the h*ll out of us.
You/the main character gets caught up in some trouble and gets shot, but you wake up the next day in your bed and perfectly alive.
A demon killed my family. Now I kill demons.
It pursued me through the woods
Sound of Silence
The Red Eyes
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. My third challenge was my last.
A Mouthful
Something Inhuman is Infecting the Gangs of Chicago
The Monster Had Her!
I think my cat got bitten by a vampire and is turning into one.
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed in my Hometown (pt.3) FINAL
A History Of Nemo: The Beginning
I'm stuck in my apartment and there are armed guards keeping us in, and strange creatures roaming the hallways also keeping us in, please help - Part 2
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
When universes collide
Frightened Woman Runs Away From Ghost On Stair Case Recorded On CCTV
I’ve always been told not to go outside at midnight, now I know why.
A strange house mysteriously appeared in my neighborhood. They call it: Mr. Syn's House of Skin.
This creepy baby doll keeps smiling at me.
Don't Drain the Tub
I am so confused. Are these posts supposed to be real? Sorry if this is against the rules (this post I mean)
It Follows
Something is emitting a faint beep every 44s and I can't find what.
I Woke up Gasping for Air Days After I Hanged Myself
The Suicide Game/Creepypasta/RichardSaxom
Just One Touch Away
I know I saw something outside of my window.
Horror Books Offer
A Typical End to the Semester
Don’t go to the wring Wendy’s
A Normal Dinner
The House On The Haunted Path
I Stumbled Across a Strange Show Featuring a Man in a Dog Costume Trying to Get Inside Somebody's Home
Hairpin Part-1
🙄🤦🏼‍♀️
Stories From The Unknown TownI think my human is dying.
I own a pawn shop for oddities and creatures the public doesnt and cant know about (part 2)
I discovered a town where no one is allowed to die.
I am a Therapist for the Supernatural - Library of Faces
This is the transcript of the worst 911 call I've ever taken.
Every hour an alarm goes off and I don’t know how to stop it.
Mission ranch
You start to get desperate when you spend most of your life hungry. The consequences of that desperation can be horrifying.
The Order of the Blood Lily -- Inside a Blood Fetishist Cult -- Part Four: Loose Ends
Writing Challenge:
I Got A Pint Of Congealed Blood In My Fridge.An interesting title.
Something Odd Is Going on Inside My Church (Part One)
I think I'm being stalked. Please give advice.
Hark
Who knew so much could happen in 3 days
I Was Involved In A Military Ritual
I took a job cleaning sewers for a private contractor. Our largest client is a town that’s been abandoned for 50 years.
How to Survive Camping - Bryan's dogs
Im starting to think this isn't really a storm
Watch out for random forgetfulness.
A new member of my forum made some creepy posts
What do recurring nightmares mean?
The silver point moth problem
Conditioning
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (Part 2)
The Prison of Blood and Memories
I tried shifting realities and got stuck in the middle
Where you belong pt. 2
I Actually Believe Death is Following Me (True Story)
20 more minutes and I'm gonna live.
I'm a night guard at a local subway station. I found a second user manual outlining some disturbing rules Part 1 (Story by - not_neccesarily)
Furries
The Backrooms of Hell
I was legally dead for four minutes. There is no heaven. There is no hell. We are hunted by monsters we become. I escaped. FINAL PART.
what lives on fox glen way
My friend isn't himself - Part 3
There's Someone in the Kitchen
My co worker just sent this classified email to me
Dead Driver
Charcoals Cub is real, and he’s scary af
I just had the worst shit in my entire life
The Alchemist
A town called Compassion
My kid loves Spider-Man.
This is not a Christmas story
There's a woman under my bed
If you feel an itch at night make sure to scratch it right away
Last drug you ever take
The Scissor Twins
I keep seeing Walt Disney following me...
I don't know why there is a huge lilac bush in my field, but I think I might get some answers soon.
My husband and I are hitmen. Our most recent case was definitely a weird one.
I haven't moved in 20 years - Part Two
Can a website accurately predict your demise.
The Loser part 3
I've in Hell, and It Sucks
The Icecream Man
Hopping
Amá and the Skinwalkers
The Mysteries and Murders of Error Hill Road (part 4)
Don’t Be A Bully
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 4)
The mansion's statues.
If you get a box on your doorstep, DONT open it
My parents took me back to their country for human sacrifice.
I'll never forget my missing daughter's green eyes
The Strange Man in the Woods
If you hear it, please run, I'm sorry I left the door open
Why I Was Never Allowed Near My Family’s Pond
Credence
I'm a Prophet, and so is my Friend.
I Swear
They offered $20,000 for a picture of a black bear. Tracking him down was a mistake.
Rumors always have a reason as to why they are spread...
Halloween is Illegal in My Hometown, We Have a Very Different Tradition Instead
Video game nightmares
Im writing this in hopes of reaching anyone Afflicted. You are not alone.
Don't buy two of he same thing's. You'll regret it.
I Went Camping Recently, But the Sound of Something Dying Kept Me Up.
If your awake search up this
the ice that preserved personalities
The Wind
I write dreams and most nights I bring nightmares to life, I just quit my job recently and I'm not planning to go back
I swear our house wasn't haunted when my grandparents lived in it. But every since we bought it and renovated the nursery, I've been hearing voices and my baby has been acting...strange.
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, but people are dying too quickly to figure it out
I keep hearing humming from room 17
I'm a lumberjack, and the town I just moved to hates me
I Bought a New House
Dear stranger,
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently, a door has been acting strange
The Factory's Beast (Critique It)
Every three months my daughter and I have had to move. It's time to end it. Final Chapter
H E L L O
My little sister's wedding (Part 2)
I see people's emotional wounds. I wish more than anything that I couldn't.
i keep getting murdered in my dreams.
I run a museum of cursed objects. Something bad happened.
I was a Police Officer. I witnessed something that no man should have to see...
Everyone thought if he was removed, he'd go peacefully.
Metalosis Necromaligna
Smaerd Lufituaeb
The plant in my living room is evolving into something terrifying
The skin walker
I accidentally skinned myself alive via hangnail
Dolls (A Poem)
The Government is creating clones, I'm one of them
My sheep is looking at me funny, and its driving me insane.
Am I in the wrong for pushing religion on my son?
The Bunny that came in the storm on a nice saturday day
The Flesh Man.
What a Ghost Endures Through a Ouija Board PART ONE
A kids show
The man who wanted to eat my brother ( just keep reading and you will understand everything pls dont close this trust me)
I'm a grievance counsellor and I've just discovered what is it that clowns pray to.
I Was Gifted Supernatural Powers By Ancient Gods, Now Other Beings Are Being Sent To Hunt Me Down
Every night, my father dies and is resurrected.
Dice
please scare me
I'm A Homicide Detective, And I'm Being Toyed With
I Bought a Novelty Time Machine, Unfortunately, It Worked.
I'm stuck and I need help
I received police reports of someone's death. I think it mine.
Struggling with my friend's suicide... It doesn't make sense to me
Zach had maggots coming out of his eyes.
The Game Of Life Is Not What It Seems
A Horrible entity it's provoking me nightmares that even I had to be hospitalized
I found a mysterious locked door in my apartment
ET had two more movies
I wrote fake stories for the government.
Zombies Outside My Window
I'm not going driving at night anymore.
Tall Tom
Don't trust your parents!
Don't focus on your screen.
PROJECT ZORGO IS SCARY I CANT SLEEP
Is anyone playing the 48 game?
I’m a detective in a small town, and there’s something in the woods. / part one.
Why do I feel dirty after a flight?
Why you should switch from human women to real women.
Masks.
Grandfather clock of Duality
It had to have been my cousin, right?
Two real life horror stories.
How to Sleep, Wake Up, and Stay Up For Class
Working at an amusement park: Twenty Questions
Icodve
Why do we fear the unknown
My name is Bianca, and I can taste your lies.
The recurring room phenomena
I found an old typewriter in my childhood home’s attic. I should’ve left it alone.
She used to be clingy...
"A haunted love house"
I know what I saw, and dogs don't run like that.
I dreamt of paths in the mist
There Was Something Else Living with me in my Apartment
Me and my friend found an old TV show and watched it, this is what was on it
I live in a small town in Northern Maine; something strange has started coming out of the ocean.
y test after the pandemic has past? IS IT MANDITORY?
I took a picture of nightmare
The evils of Dr Apollo.
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries.- Cain (Part 11)
So I Got a New Boss, He’s Just Like the Old One - Entry One
Terry's WakeMissing title
The stranger from my dreams is waiting outside.
My Friend Told Me He Saw Something Following Us On The Road, I Was Skeptical... I'm No Longer Skeptical...
BURNING BROTHERHOOD(warning: long)
ERASE YOUR MIND
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why. Final.
The Cardboard Orphan
In the Tent
I have a recurring nightmare. I hope that's all it is.
Don't Laugh at my Corpse
The Thing in the Woods
How I learned about something that I really fucking wish I'd never known
I'm a chemist and we had a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger.
Ebbots Dolls
The Big Bang
My late grandpa, a former homicide detective, left me a parting gift when he passed.
Alice has started smiling again.
I saw my deceased classmate recently (Part 1)
Something is in the woods and making a strange noise and i think it saw us.
The earth isn't flat but it isn't round either.
My Twin Has Amnesia (Part 2)
I came home to a terrible incident and it changed my life forever
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules
Nothing happened here. Try another s.... M..d....Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
A Loving, Dying Girl
Smilers
Grandma's 911 Calls: Robert
My Terrifying Dream.
House of Mirrors
I’m the new diving supervisor of my police department. I went for a routine body recovery dive last night, but ended up finding something that I can't explain at the bottom of the local lake.
Hes back
The Creatures Won't Stop Popping Up In My Dreams, And All My Dreams Come True...
A sinkhole opened up in my back garden. I think something may be living in it. (Final Part)
The Unveiling (Part 2)
The Horse?? Outside my window. Actual True Story
The diaries of Jonas Pt.1
Nine years ago I found a hidden trapdoor in our basement. Today I opened it. (Final part)
My grandma has coffee with a deceased neighbor.
A man claimed to know the secret of God, and my boss wanted to hear it. Things went rather poorly.
Horrific Expectations
The genius of a sociopath.
Notes For Myself.
A Dreamless Sleep.
I might have wings
Among Us
The Sleep Experiment (Part 1)
Mountain home for the criminally insane.
The white demon
I was driving to work, right up until I wasn't.
If your reading this, please send help, im scared.
Astral Projections and dead people?
Double Date
There is something terrifying haunting my grandparent's village after dark.
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part Four)
When the lights on the street start to flicker at night, it’s a warning to stay inside
I’ve witnessed several murders, yet no one believes me.
My Son Was A Ventriloquist With A Split Personality. Now I'm Not Sure WHO He Is.
It's snowing in the middle of the summer, and it's about to get worse.
I Got Plastic Surgery and Now I Have The Face of a Missing Girl (part 2)
The Qualm
My new neighbor always seems to have blood on his clothes
The Curse Is Broken - Part 5
Have you Ever Seen Real Magic?
Shaking Bed
The man i ran over has come back to ruin my life
Bernstein Bears
I Received A Box on My Porch Today... (Part 1)
My neighbor told me about the night her husband died
Just the Average Romantic
I started working as a security guard in a mall, but I feel like something's very wrong with this place (Part 1)
Alternate Reality
Max and mine's first day together...YIKES!!! (Part 8)
I inherited a forbidden document written by Plato. It explains why humans were once given wings
Don't Win The Raffle
Paulie whispered without using his mouth
My mom experiences a cough on a daily basis and it has had an effect on her sleep, but I’m unsure what to do
I was chased around my estate by a known killer in the area
there is a man in my head...
I keep Having This Dream (NSFW)
Mr. Oogie
For Love
Vampires are real! Here's how I found out.
Memiors of a Deadman
I found a fallout shelter with a family living inside, and now I'm one of them (part one)
Delirium Tremen
I Can't Die. Pt.(4) Ghosts of Oklahoma...
The Attack Of The Dead Men
I was a victim in a school shooting
I work for a pharmaceutical company. The animal testing they do here is a little... unusual.
Fear of the unknown
This video still contains a paid advertisement
The woods by my childhood house were haunted
For the past 5 months, once a week, I have been having the same dream.
Blood covered hands
I look beautiful at my funeral
The stories I told my friends as kids are way more messed up then I thought.
I Work In a Lab That Tried to Cure Viruses... We Accidentally Created Something Much Worse
MR. SMILY
Jelly
ONEIROMANCY- PATIENT RECORD MP1913330
The Rules of the Magnum Hotel
Recurring
Room 12a
My friend created his own religion. He killed me. Then the god Osiris granted me a second life. PART 4 **FINAL**
Tick, Tick, Tick
I document the most horrifying places I've ever visited. Recently, I found the most disturbing of them all.
Deja vu is not what it seems
The Fine LineBarnsley tall man
I just saw something while house sitting
I’ve Discovered a word but I’m afraid of what it could do.
An old woman told me how I was going to die...
No other moment
I fought in the vietnam war, i saw something i cant explain.
Would anyone like a story told from the first person view of a time traveler if so let me know I’m new here so don’t be surprised if it’s shit5 a.m.
Nerd with a god complex shows off his “inventions.”
It rained all night
Voyager 1 came back with something strange on it
Little brother's warning
I can't get my dead sister to leave me alone
We inherited our Grandma's house.
My doctors don't know what happened... I wish I didn't either...
Biggy the Bee is my favourite show
Godspeed, Captain Ramos
Terrible HamburgerTerrible Hamburger
They've Taken Our Tongues
You May Continue Your Descent
A man in a costume is pretending to be my mom's dog
I ask you a favor. Allow me to live once again.
Do you know anything about the shadow people?
I did it, I sucked my own penis.
In The Dark, Dark World (Part 3)
The drinking spirit
Words of Wisdom, Part 5
Grandparent's flat
Mr Banana
LOSE YOURSELF
I Work For A Police Department On A Small Island. Weird Things Happen Here.
I saw the true face of god... and now I can't sleep
I work at a hair salon and i got a wierd customer.
Something spooky for spooktober
My apartment had 12 rules I need to follow to stay alive (Part 3)
Strange wooded phenomenon
How To Survive A Walk In The Woods
Don’t Hang Up.
Found some creepy-cool audio diaries about a “Showbiz Pizza Place” and thought I’d transcribe them! (edited reupload)
My Old Home.
My sleep paralysis demon isn't like the rest. pt2
If you get a white bump, don't ignore it
Crying in the Night
The face of death
I am A Doctor in A Small Hospital Located in an Isolated Village and We Had a Strange Patient
Raventown Part One
There is something that awakened in me and I think that i liks it...
My last day delivering mail on Route 42
there reaction to me carying mace
Something creepy happened last night
What is to Come
I Hate My Neighbor
Out of Body Experience: Wuhan, 2012
Don't follow the lights
Suggested to post this here
When I was a kid, I had a recurring nightmare. Tonight, I was reminded what it was.
My New Apartment
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART SIX (6)
There was something in the woods at night, and it wanted to come in.
I Worked on a Body Farm
Never Go in The Attic
Logs from Fire Tower “Rising Sun”
The Nearus
I'm going to die again today.
Creepy Things that happen to me as a catholic school janitor
My college sorority is different. – The man from Morgue Street
Wait, what?
Stories from a line cook part 5
My family hunts monsters for living, and I am the family archivist. There are a few things I want to share with you. (Part 1)
A Dark Reflection of My Home Town
I saw something through the hole of a noose.
There’s something wrong.
Are we all experiments
We Checked Out Haunted Bar
My boss made me work overtime. I should have just quit.
I Think I'm A Reverse Oracle
The Death of a Lonely Town
I have been warned of the presence my entire life. Now that I know why, I wish I didn’t. (Part 1)
No Rational Reason — or How Sleep’s Robyn Now?
Song)(re-upload)
No Exit At AllI never
No matter how much they need to pee, don't let Trick or Treaters use your bathroom.
The Grim Reaper is among us. (part 1)
Please help me, I need to get home.
Ghost that lives in my bathroom apparently
Another night like the rest
Everything we dream of actually exists somewhere. I learned that the hard way
I saw the future. I wish I hadn’t.
Aliens are real, but the story is boring
Dead Foxes
The End if the World started 45 minutes ago.
Cannibal horror story
I’m not used to being confined to my house like this; I don’t suppose many of us are. I’ve taken to watching my neighbours to pass the time…I really wish I hadn’t.
The satan is in my village.
Adoption's An Option
My Night Out -Part 1-
There is a man following me around
weird guy tries to kill me and my friends
I work in a Donut Shop that used to be a morgue.
I am in possession of a painting that kills people.
Hello diary
Instructions for staying at Perth hospital
P.T.S.D
The Devils Philosophy, The First Retrospective
An Account of Unnatural Dreams and Delusions Had while Stranded at the Fal Mahal
I was contracted to help conceal a UFO crash. I think they're hiding something much worse.
The Way The World Ends (Part Two: The Other Place)
I pretended to be asleep.
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Final Part)
My Family has been keeping this Book from me, I now know why.
Hole
Its weird how life works sometimes
Uncle will get you if you break the rules.
Mr. Shadow
WHAT A STANGE PLACE, THE COUNTRYSIDE
Everyone says it’s normal for houses to creak at night. Please learn from the worst mistake of my life.
A Strange Becoming
The Clockhouse.
Avoid Lone Doors In the Woods
I remembered the workings of time.
A Swan Song for the Crackhead of Sixteenth Street
This is more of a Question than it is a story, but I need the help, please.
The Queen of Bisteneau (Part 2)
The most memorable time I went to a strip club. It was memorable for the wrong reasons. (Part 1)
Im laying in bed rn its 4:06am and I feel someone staring at me from behind me my bedroom door is locked tho....
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado?
Last night this happened and I'm scared for my life...
AITA for potentially getting my girlfriend murdered?
Anna
My Friend Sent Me These Emails the Day He Died
Auras.
Unknown Alien Portal File 1 (Part 1)
You have a delivery scheduled. Part Three.
I found door in my basement... it wasn't there before.
Mixed Omens Bring Mixed Sales (Part 2)
Grey City Tales : Want Fries With That- Vampire Tale 1/3
Dance with Mr. Ears is much more than a simple kids show (PART2)
Pink, Horn Rimmed GlassesI’m a park ranger and I think something has been snatching up campers and hikers in the Smokey mountains part 2
MIASMA
The girl on top
Something Big is coming
Please Avoid This Stretch of Road
It's County Fair Season
Never go to a Waffle House overnight.
Hi, I'm new.
The red cloaks are in town
I Didn’t Show Up In The Family Album At All
It had always been watching us.
There's been a tornado warning for the past three days. I don't think whats outside is a tornado. (Part 2, Finale)
When I wake.
The day my friend showed me the cause for the end of the world. (Case file found at Site Alpha-Delta-6. Property of *Expunged* Company. Sent out to the public by operative *Expunged*).
The screaming of a squirrel stuck on a glue trap.
Nightlights attract them
Loss Prevention
my experience with the backrooms
For a few hours every day, I live in a place called whisper world. During my first visit, I screamed.
here's my story
File 001, The man with the hand puppets (part 1)
Everything is far too perfect on Grandiose Boulevard
Something happened 65 million years ago, and I need your help to stop it! PART 1/3
Goodbye appleberry! - Part 1
Quick, before I start.
The House with the Yellow Door
Nosleep story titles be like
If you ever see a haunted house that you’ve never seen before don’t go inside. You don’t know what you’ll find inside.
robwoz skary storey part 1!
My Patient is a Parasite (Part 1)
A tale of change
i forgot the name of this movie.
I should never have started playing tennis again
My team and I raided an old building that should not exist. We reached the end of our road. (Part 3 - Final)
Kamchatka
I think my girlfriend is trying to kill me
Long Way Back (Part 2)
I was born in 1898...
I fucked a hooker and now my dick says weird things (Part 1)
Laundry
In Dark Waters
That survey
So why's this subreddit filled with non horror stories?
Rise of Hellion: ch 1, Killing Alexi
My daughter's first words
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying. Pt 2. Update and 2006
You're Immortal, so am I, but we're different
Project Rebirth: Year 2100. (Part 1)
My Grandmother Used to Keep Me in The Pantry Part II
Followed by Shadows
I'm in rehab and a strange man came to "inspect" me...I don't know what's going on
ah
I’m A Medical Examiner Examining An Immortal Girl.
I saw him under my pillow
A Monolith By The Sea
A story my dad just told me...
There is a gorilla in the 23rd Street subway station in the Flatiron District of Manhattan.
Wish Upon A Star
The letters (pt. 1)
The truth about the Scratchy Bottom Caves
https://www.cnn.com/style/amp/utah-monolith-art-trnd/index.html
In Mr. Hoffsetters Carnival you must follow these rules to ride
Little Cara Weeks Tasted Oh So Sweet
We Unearthed an Ancient Evil frozen in the Andes- Part II
Paper People
Borrowed Teeth
There Used to Be a Town Called Fuchsia, Kansas: Story 1, ChronsConservative's Pasta Universe
A Conversation with My Cat
I Had That Same Dream Again - Part 1
Haunted Headphones
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right
The Mini Fish Killed Her And Ate Her Toes Too
They won't let me go Part 1- Arrival
Old man been following me since i was 6
My Strangest Case as an FBI Agent The missing people in Utah
My Mother's House
A man gave me the antidote to love forever.
Anton’s Key
I don’t want to be a Paramedic anymore.
I took my boyfriend into hospital and now they’re not letting him out. (Part 2)
It is impossible for me to be here.
The thing in the painting
The Nightwalkers (working title)
My roommate's been acting weird recently.
My adopted sister's name is Anabelle
Final Update: My Daughter was Stuck Inside a Wall
Naima
So I just saw this red dot in the sky when the Moon was behind me.
The facade of the "Friends" I supposedly had
neighbourhood schizophrenic
A town that shouldn’t exist.
they’re here
my friends dad is a monster
I Know Who Made Youtube Go Down.
Cold Heart
If you're seeing this, it's meant only for you.
SuperMarket Memoirs 5: 52 Pick-Up
Please stop screaming at the children.
I Think It's Coming Back
I’m a magician, and nobody saw me survive a hundred-story fall.
The Government has put my city in lockdown: There are guards around my apartment
Just Another Farm in Southeast Idaho (Part 1)
Insane Ink Part 1
Black-eyed children looking at me through my window and standing on my porch
I get a package each year. I don't know who sends it.
Something’s off today
Love is a more powerful force than hate.
thë sïłençė
The mirror made me do it, I swear.
A creepypasta from Finland
I found out my wife's secret and I confronted her today
I got a job as a warehouse security guard the old guard gave me a strange list of rules. (Part 1)
Squeak!
Camila
Have you ever died before ?
My cat disappeared then came back. He wasn't actually a cat.
Diving NZ: Chuck 'n Muck
The well in our garden
Ticking Time
Working as an Aussie Bush Ranger Part 1: The Zombie Girl
Someone keeps coming to my door step and I'm sick of it
Endcreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children
My Grandma's House has rules for the whole week
Between the Walls
Hello this is not a scary thing
Christine had no face and no manners.
The Answerer.
I'm So Sorry I Forgot to Lock the Car...
Lime and Chilli Nuts
Regrets.
Strange...
I can’t be sad anymore
my habitmy dream
If you hear your house creak at night, don't look
I Keep Returning to the Park Where a Mysterious Entity Murdered My Brother
The Hunter Entries 6-10 by Tee Stache
The Orphanage for Unfortunate Children: The Flames of David
Lost friend
The night the devil laughed
My girlfriend's hair gets everywhere
Confessions from an Apocalypse
The Little One
Uncovered Information. From 3042. (Part 2)
We don't get meat trucks at our store
Dudeeeeee
The mimic
Some gruesome shit
We opened a time capsule today. I'm pretty scared.
The songs are sacred
Dont let the pretty girl in you house
tick tock
We dont go to Pittsburg anymore...
The Screamer
My father claims an ancient ghost speaks to him. Today men finally arrived to help him.
My Sister has had Tons of Boyfriends, and Now I Know Why
T'was the Night of Halloween
Title- Down the drain
The Cold Ones | Part Two (Check our Part One!)
Deadly Class Fight
Somehow, I Made It Out of Jury Duty Alive Today
I’ve seen a lot but nothing comparesTill
Crippleheaded
I met an online friend who liked cosplaying, things only got scarier and scarier.
DD3319
My Best Friend Terrance
Sometimes, childhood fears are warranted...
I fell asleep, and woke up in an electric chair
The Exchange
The Dyatlov Incident
Ghost went bruhh
His boss called him into the the office again...
Something took over my relatives
The Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline is Under New Management
I Recently Bought a Cabin in The UP (Part 1)
I was at school during the start of a pandemic. This one was worse. Part 5
The Dentist
I heard someone call my name... In a video game.
Black Spot
A Roommate's Gift of Life - Assignment Draft About Last Night
myself
🇲​🇾​ 🇸​🇺​🇲​🇲​🇪​🇷​ 🇯​🇴​🇧​.
The Letter
I bought a knife off amazon, and now my daughters doll is missing with the knife.
I Did It.
I remember seeing a demon in my house when I was little.
Why I Will Never Drink Coca-Cola Again
The Ghost Doll
Dreams of being brutally murdered won't stop
I decided to listen to the homeless man, and you shouldn't look at the moon.
The Human Detachment Project
Edge of sight.
It's in the woods
Night terrors or visions (part 1)
Old Shuck
The beach used to be my happy place
The reason I'm not a 911 operator anymore
We barely made it to the bunker, but i don't think were safe (SCP-001, When Day breaks, Part 1)
A social experiment known as the Soul Paradox
The most terrifying call I've responded to as a S.W.A.T officer
A Fun House
Ugh~ I am crazy 🙄
Infected, The beginning.
Tell me your stories of witnessing someone trapped in a death sequence, here is mine...
The Creapyish Story...
The rules I created for my company should never be broken and exists for a reason, to protect my employees and the world.
A meteor was supossed to hit the earth and kill us all. Two days ago.
Sausinsh
Suite 667
My grandfather was a park ranger, and had a story he only told me.
I diecided to investigate my sister's secret. I wish I hadn't... (PART3)
SERIAL
Sleep paralysis sucks balls
He climbed up my house and tried to get it through my window
I got a comment on one of my YouTube videos with a link which I should have never clicked
The Forest of a Thousand Wrong Turns
The Thing That Goes Bump In The Night.
i literally can't sleep
Tales From The Diner - The La Llorona Incident - Part 7
Animal Planet - Part 1
What to do with spam callers...
I’m Never Going Back to Las Vegas
insomnia hotline
Awesiaki: Chapter four: 1631
Our neighbor drives us out of our apartment with demonic powers. Maybe.
i think i could turn it back on
The Kid who knew too much
Consolidation Coal Company; Mine no. 32
Lilliana
Do you see this man when you’re awake?
The Ghost of my Brother &amp; Cousin tried to warn me...
Clown Colon of Funeral
Step and Shiver
Something happened back in March and now I am afraid to go back home.
There’s a demon at my house
Tubes part 1
Campus Structural Investigation part 1
A Video That Kills People Who Watches Them. I Tried to Watch it Myself.
The Teeth Eater
The coast isn't safe (Part 1)
Oh whistle, and I will come to you ( part four )
Dr. Rasmussen's Assistant Gets Fucked Up By A Sink
I'm a Freelance Investigative Reporter and I have some stories. (Part 1)
I just graduated from medical school, and this is how it burned me out
I Left Earth to be There for Faye and Rosy Posy - Part 3/4
Watch out for the fake priest who extracts final thoughts before death.
"Does the fish taste good?"
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. Somethings have changed...
I Think There’s Something Living in the Woods Behind my Apartment...
I see the weirdest stuff that I will ever see and the time always lines up
A Simple Encounter
Every Year, Someone from my Town is Chosen to Leave
My Disturbing Dreams
I own a pair of dice that provide me with real-world luck; but their use comes at a terrible price…
They Might Be Watching (Part I)
I think I’m being followed, or stalked?
The Glow Of Her Dress (Woman In Wedding Dress Fan Story)
The shadow that follows me
I'm playing a game called Smile but nobody taught me the rules
The Alms Seeker at the Station (My First post)
Mr Spindle (The Spindle Jingle)
My plane keeps crashing and I can't stop it (Part One)
Leaves (New Development)
Oracle
The Hideaway Place: Part II (finale)
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media (Part 1): Money for Nothing
I’m a psychopharmacologist. What happened to one of my patients after he stopped visiting me has made me suspicious.
Survey for a horror podcast: What is a nightmare you've had that you still clearly remember to this day?
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult... I woke up two days ago and everyone is gone.
Lot 1
My mom died. Now she's back and wants to kill my sister.
My mentally ill neighbor turned out to be a serial killer. I survived the attack.
My Elementary School Is Haunted... I'm Convinced
An interesting theory about extra terrestrials
In China: The Old Village
Concupiscence
There’s a reason Gary, Indiana is so fucking awful.
I Tried to Make the Sun Smile (Part One)
Sweater Weather.
I hope my story dosent mess you up as much as it has me
The scariest part about Code Enforcement
The factoid of the legless Gimp
The world where nothing is as friendly as it seems PART 1
My brother discovered a new way to walk, and something went horribly wrong.
A lady has been following me since I was a child.
I recently started working as IT for a restaurant chain. The corporate office has some very strange rules. (Part 2)
I’m trapped inside my mirror and something else is living my life
I miss you
I work on an oil-rig in the North Sea. …They’re keeping something hidden beneath the waves.
I've fallen in love with my co-worker. I intend to follow her home.
How To Get Rid Of A Visitor (The Staircase Ritual)
The Frowning Man
Tonight's the night!
I work for Death
Can I share my collection of UAP sightings here?
You Have Felt Me. You Just Don't Realize It.
I got a job babysitting a rich couple, but they gave me a set of rules to follow
I received a text message from an unknown number, and now I believe someone is trying to kill me.
If you ever see a haunted house that you’ve never seen before don’t go inside. You never now what you’ll find inside. (Part 2)
Im not alive
I’m Currently Living With My Brother Who Ingested My Sisters Flesh When He Was Eight Years Old (part 2)
Black Blobs part 6
Eco-Friendly
The things we do for clout...
I live alone on the outskirts of a state park, but I've made some friends.
I got a custom shampoo, and now I think I'm cursed.
I Sat On The Bus
Possessed
A Bit of Pickled Pumpkin
I found a disturbing yoga stream. If I stop watching, I can't save her.
I run a safe haven for monsters. We might have to deal with a very powerful enemy.
My boyfriend has an eating problem that drives me insane
"I received some messages and now my sister is acting weird"
The Bald Man of Death and Torture
Anna
Painter's Block
A Trip to Chernobyl Can Be Beautiful..... and Terrifying
The Call of the Sirens. Insight in to sailing life. Part 1
My Stalker Got a Bit Too Close
I accidentally joined a cult’s group chat. I don’t know if I’ll make it out alive.
For every moment of your life, he’s been there… watching. He calls himself The Clockmaker
Ive learned the truth about the seven deadly sins...I dont think i can call them that anymore
The Pocket Watch in the Woods
My Father, The Writer
3. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m Fighting For Our Lives.
The shape of you
Y0u c9nn0t kn0w 3v3ryth1ng.
Everyone knows that ouigi boards are fake. Right?
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 3)
Everyday.
I know when it kills....
Can anyone suggest any stories? I will give silver to the best
The Demon Boy from Mrs. Honeysickle's Home for the Unfortunate
How an odd encounter led to a good thing
I went camping with my wife, but now I can’t leave the woods. (Part 2)
Being immured alive and let to starve is one thing but i wont forgive him for not even trying to find me.
Needle and Thread(part 1)
The day i murdered my wife and realised the beauty in this world
Chateau de Noisy
Outbreak V1.1.0
The Watching Woman
Sobbing man in White Shirt.
If your house ever bleeds; take a multivitamin and move out immediately.
NASA Documents: March 2001
Changlings
I always feel like I'm being watched, don't play with closets...
I don’t know if last night was a dream or not
Subway stalker (REAL STORY)
Someone eye was watching me
I've said this once. I'll say it again. MIRRORS ARE NOT SAFE!
My husband and I want to kill each other final
will is fleeting
Who's standing behind you?
Why can't I go outside, Mom?
Confession of a teenage seer
i farted and shitted.
Excerpts of a Hostage
IT’S THREE A.M.
There’s something eating the fish in my fish tank.
When you realize there are no stars and moon tonight, all your paths will lead you to the same bridge
I’ve been using AI-generated images to study the afterlife for years. Today, I quitted. (with images)
Need scary stories to narrate plz
my night MARES
Elmo in a Box
I think my friend played the 11 miles game and I don’t know how to get him back (Part 2) Miles 1-5
I was Rear Ended by a Murderer, Now I'm Running For my Life
They died?
The train.
Never go down alleys at night
Did I watch a mass exorcism?
God isn't whi they say he is
Maybe its real after all.
The Inexplicable Road (Pt.2)
Stumbled upon snuff vid on porn site and came hard.
When you hear chimes in the middle of the night, don't look out your window
I don't have a cat. A cat has me.
Last night, I woke up...
Do you know true horror?
Come on and sing along with the family
Whatever Is At My Door, I Swear To God It Isn’t My Aunt
A black corridor
The Clockmaker (Part 1)
Where Death Doesn’t Tread
Homeless and Need Help in Fallow Park Tonight
We Know When The World Will End - But None Of Us Know How.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
Stop signing up for 23andMe
Santería
Hey ! I'm a music producer from India!
Ladies, dont do what I have done
My friend hasn’t slept in days. His messages are starting to disturb me.
My first and I hope last false awakening.
I'm the only one who sees him, but my dog. Please help.
The Oddity of Human SkinThe Facility Files: Julian's Story
She won't let me leave
I just traveled back from a tour of North Korea. The rules they gave us make me think that there's more to why they're actually so secretive. (Part 1)
I'm an Illusionist by trade, My future is looking dark
Indecisive
I downloaded the info Google has stored on me and some of it is unsettling.
the caves
The shadow people are real, and my organization is the only thing stopping them
The blog of mount Hamiltons point. Entry 1: i was just trying to enjoy my Sunday.
There's been a tornado warning for the past three days. I don't think whats outside is a tornado. (Part 2)
I summoned an Ancient One, it wasn't what I expected.
There's a Serial Killer In Our Town......
I just found out what I need to do to make the ghostly women with the bloody hands stop haunting me
Repentance
RELEASE SPECIMEN X
Log of research in &amp;@$;)/4 research station.
The thing that used to live under my bed
Welcome
Nightcrawlers
I thought the stray cat I found was a good luck charm. But then my life turned into a game of chance.
I was part of an experiment that turns normal people into serial killers
The drug experiment
Why I Stopped Breaking Into Houses Part 3/End
Re-Writer | No-Brainer Finale
If every thing goes quite and dark leave immediately
Collective Effervescence (Part 2)
Masters Of The Eternal Lodge Part One
I Was Stalked by A Santa Claus
A cure for apathy.
Ikana Valleys message
The wood for the trees
Bagel for a Nightmare
12 Years Ago My Brother Died, And It Wasn't Animals That Got Him
OMG its WOWWWWWWWWWWW!
9 years living with ghost children
unimportant jobs
The Hollow Ones
My Girlfriend Vanished, But She Left A Notebook. #1/2
I hope this note makes her feel loved, but am worried it will freak her out
She's always with me.
Something is not right. But what.
Cultural Myths and Monsters Pt. 1: El Cuco
The moon has a very pronounced effect on me
Remembering Things From My Childhood That I Forgot
Jupyter notebooks
Man waltzing alone along the road at night - episode help?!
They call me the milkman.
I left my country to work as an assistant in a forest camp in Indonesia. I will never be the same again. (PART 2)
The Man In The Box
I'm sorry sister
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up. (Final)
I fixed our company fax machine. I wish I didn't.
Passerby in the hall
My grandfather, a former mountain guide, refuses to climb mountains again. After reading this entry from his journal, I know why.
An Absolute Darkness
The Man Part 1
The Infinite Christmas Paradigm
What makes you feel alive?
There's something in my daughter's room.
4 Bed/3 Bathroom House for Sale
I've just had my 5th near death experience
My Best Friend Watches Me Sleep At Night
Halloween is my favourite time but this year somethings different....
I'm Hungry.
Don't talk to the rain
I am a scary man and I scare u
I think my rapist is stalking me
I was attacked by a spirit. Literally
Please, tell me what it means
The Black Veil and the Astronomer
There was always something off about Lucian... (Part 1)
The twenty-week scan results were "inconclusive"
I need him💔
I think I’m in a cult.
Initiation
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Part 1
Archer's Deal
The dark creatures of our rural village.
Emotional Baggage
Everything Will Be OK
My Girlfriend Has a Secret
‘Twas the Sixth Night Before Christmas my Debts were Paid
America's Secret 51st State - Part 1 - Prologue
13
A ghost gave me food poisoning
The Angels Burned
Little Bo Creep
The Rocking Chair
Found a weird/creepy forum through an online rabbit hole
My friend might be a psychopath
One Step Behind. Final Part
I picked myself up for a ride.
How Do I Report A Forum That Is Cyberbullying?
Why do people hate stalkers?
What They Aren't Telling You About The New Sonic the Hedgehog Movie
Somber, Massachusetts
Gato, the Cartel, and their dealings with pedophiles...
Liminality: Not the beginning, but where this starts
There's A Lot That We Don't Understand
SCP-6845 (the contagious words) {real experience]
Gambling almost got my daughters killed
The Things
I did something terrible and I have no choice but to go into the black hole.
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 5 - The Great God Pan
The Hunt - Part 1
I fell in love with a girl and now I want more.
Camping, with a sinister twist.
The Shimmering Glade ( Pt 1)
Wedding Day Jitters
my new neighbors are in danger
Sleep paralisys demon looked like my friend
The Woods Behind My House
I’m not going back
A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 3)
Stories for comic needed!
STAY OUT OF THE BASEMENT (FINAL)
I Convinced My Friends That One Of Us Had Schizophrenia.
The MadMan
A Night in Forest Park (True Story)
How me and my brother found Dead Mips. (Mario 64 Creepypasta)
I shouldn't have done that...
This whole virus thing is the least of my worries
I hunt pedophiles for a living but the one that I hunted on that night is not a pedophile and it's something worse
You know what you can do with a spoon and a mirror at 1:11 AM?
The Jigsaw Puzzle...
Creepy story about apartment 1098
Daddy's Little Girls
Just got a new Diary.
I am being chased by "something"... (REAL)
People in my city are disappearing. Part 2.
I'm A Monster: Part One
My little brother has been playing Five Nights at Freddy’s nonstop for 28 hours
My friend is a movie star. She did me a favor, but I fear it's ruined my life.
A Romance story
i just came in to my aphrodisis, advice pls?
The THING will fimd you once you see him in your dream...
Insomnia &amp; Other Sleep Disorders Home Remedies
My favorite radio station suddenly disappeared, and something weird has replaced it.
My Dog Elias Sniffs Out Murder
Its dark and cold.
Cancel culture killed my friend
The Fog
Dreams I wish I never had
My friend asked me to babysit. The house has some weird rules
I have premonitions, the one I had yesterday will haunt me.
When my grandfather died, he left me a book
I'm a Chinese Intelligence Officer and this is not a Virus
I requested unclassified documents for necromancy as a joke. I got a report in response.
I'm Never Buying Another Bed Light Again
There's someone in my house.
The Truth about Pan
There was a woman at the end of my bed.
Summer camp field trip part 1
1 year in federal prison, in the hole, then exonerated
A Frat House Burned Down at My School
The Mountain King's Treasure
The Space Behind The Universe: Realities Witching Hour. P1
A Ghost Approached Me
Goodbye.
I used to be a 911 operator
My Son Has Always Been Afraid Of Nothing
I stopped at a gas station during a road trip. The clerk told me something I'll never forget.
I woke up in the woods next to a dead body. THE FINALE
The Five Little Mannequins
Everything you Need to Know About Mass Hysteria: An Essay on Fine Terroir
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...part 6
Tiny People
Drink drank drunk.
The tale of siren head
We should replace red with black on the US flag. Black, White and Blue. We are all in this together!
Someone just discovered footage of a strange man hiding in his granddaughter’s room. Here’s the part people want me to take back.
Always say your night prayers
Nightmares of an Amnesiac (Part 2)
We have been stationed on the moon since 1988. There's a reason it has been kept a secret. (Part 4)
Why I fear clowns
I Found an Old Medical Journal; It’s Handwritten and Terrifying
Taken Away Who Can You Really Trust?
Black Friday Online BOOM
...
She was always by my side.
I see them at night
The case of Greta - Suspect No 6
Last night, something found me (PART 2)
Never mention a mod in a nosleep story
My Wife Started Cutting Herself
My Dad Hates Ouija Boards
The Day Hell Rose To Earth
Horror story.
Koolhydraatarme lunch
My girlfriend didn't grow up with me
Do you remember seeing this song on Napster?
The Girl of my Dreams
Dear world
A Childhood horror experience
So I summoned the AntiChrist ch1
I live in Alaska, And I too have some stories to tell
I've been in lockdown for over two weeks now. And I think someone is lurking outside my home.
I'm stuck in my own nightmare
I took some of your posts and made a video about it!
I told a campfire story to my girl scouts troop.. I don't think it was just a story anymore.
An entire town's population vanished (part 2)
Don't Sell the Painting
The local roller rink has been corrupted by dance
The Beast of Gévaudan
look up
I heard some weird noises in the woods.
The world isn't flat, but it isn't round either. I learned the hard way.
the pines
There’s a picture in my head.
Nothing but Freedom
My brother and I used to play a game at our lake house.. we didn't realize the horrifying damage it would cause.
Natural Sleep Solution For Better Sleep At Night Results | Start To Sleep Well At Night Time Now!
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 14
I've met my guardian angel. Three times.
My happy place
The Locked room
The path that didn't exist
Not Exactly Human... (Part 3)
When I worked in a psychiatric hospital
There's something wrong with site Zulu (update 3)
I am pregnant and my baby is eating me up from the inside -Part 2: Into the Forest
The Dark Forest
The Theseus Project
Mermaids are real, but they are not what you think.
I've escaped zozo more than once
Something Strange is Going on with the Doorbell Camera
I Stayed With My Aunt I'd Never Met. I Know Now What She Was Trying To Do To Me (final part)
Another story from my time in Mexican juvie. I'm the author of the Three Kings ritual, back after many years.
I slept with Ted Bundy's ghost?!'
My parents didn't believe me
How I survived a house invasion
I'm home for the summer and I don't know what to think?
I thought my father was just strange; turns out it's genetic.
My roommate seems odd
Never ending crosswalk.
The 12 o clock bus
soon will be released a series called the black light read to find out more
It’s following me...
Disembodied Eyes
No one else but me, my brother and the man upstairs.
Notations Of The Lost Gospel of The Mother (And the Misunderstanding of Jesus Christ)
My grandma is scaring me.
A Night at the Grey Forest Cafe (Part 1)
Hohenwart Monastery
This will make you think
Someone has been posting the details of my night terrors online
The Haunted Doll
Sobriety
sounds that play like music arent always the happiest
I am a Good Man. Consolidate.
Journals of a Paranormal Detective: Journal 1 Part 1 - Case
EatYourHeartOut
The story of Lucy-Ann and the bush monster
I've been dead for three days
Would you ?
Not my story, but figured I should trlell others about it
The Nursery
The Hunt II
The Spider and the Radio
I done goofed
the prince of hell stole my roommates soul.
I Work As A Museum Night Guard, I Got A Strange Set Of Rules.
Floor 6: Till the Walls Bleed
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left A strange set of rules....
The Monster Had Her
My brother is the favorite child.
I thought I ate something bad.
The Necklace Of Teeth (Part 1)
healing from distracted
I Found a Notepad in an Abandoned Camp
Me And My Boyfriend Saw The Trees Bleeding
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away. (Part 2)
Someone offered me a deal.. I wish I never took it.
The old asylum won't let us leave. It's using the weather to keep us trapped.
I found an odd journal in a Library (Part 2)
The Living Motel
I Decide To Check On An Abandoned Room In My Hospital And Now I'm Being Chased By A Failed Experiment
Animation
And When I Die, I'll Spread My Roots
I'm a 911 dispatcher, and I think I received a call from another dimension.
We Tried to Find a Witch in the Cemetery, but We Found Worse (non-fiction)
Found some creepy/cool cassette tapes about Showbiz Pizza and thought I’d transcribe them for y’all!
Lawyer of the Damned, or How I Provided Legal Advice to Monsters
I’m stick
I've always been afraid of the dark. I never had any real reason, until now.
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (Part 1)
No war crime goes unpunished
Tick, Tock
Why I'm friends with the birds under the bridge
The Boy
I have sleep paralysis 4 times a week
I might have seen a demon in my room last night.
The supernatural is real...
The Girl In My Closet
The thing came back but it was now a woman
We found something terrible in space
The hole in my garden
The Door in The Wall - Post Four
Scary stories based on certain rules were my favorite - Part 1
Nosleep
WAR IS HELL. And no one knows that fact better than hell's denizens.
I think I moved into the wrong area....
The noise part 1
The Silent Queef
The beast in my mind.
I thought my dad came back from a business trip, but he's been dead for 15 years
What was living inside his jaw?
That's Not My Teacher
Your Guide to Interdimensional Travel
The Story I Forgot
I saw a fkn UNDEAD GHOUL in the miror doe...
Crap I got stoned with a roommate who I've never met and convinced me of interviewing for a pyramid scheme tommorow morning.
My Ghost Story— posted on another thread and was told to post here.
He came he finally came.
The Unnamed Rest Stop (part 1)
Disconnected
I think my dead sister is watching me
Woke up outside my apartment sleeping in my boxers in hallway in front of my door
Recurring NIghtmare I have been having
My mom’s little story when she was little
They Came From The Skies
The day we decided to live.
What is a great list of scary creepypasta please post links if you have them?
I Had No Idea My Perfume Hobby Could Be So Dangerous! (Part 2) FINAL
GRANDMOTHER IS STILL ALIVE
I found a missing wallet
Silver bullet
I was sent to receive a distress call from Watchtower 1, what I've seen there has haunted me for life.
I no-clipped inside Google Earth
I have depression, and it lead me to the Devil.
So I have had a headache for weeks (Part 5)
Rabies
Tea Time
Memoir of a Broken Dreamer
There is a needle hunting me.
It has been twenty four days since the lights flickered
The House on the Hill
Doyouknowabouttheconcealedweb
go watch this no sleep content
The Fertile Rains Grow the Best Honey PersimmonsThe demon in the mirror.
They are here
Does That Even Make Sense?
I create dreams from people's memories, I've recently quit
I think cancer is not the thing killing my friend.
The I Scream Man
I found a secret tunnel underneath my apartment, but I live in the penthouse
Something weird happened while I was camping this summer at Mt. Shasta
I am trapped in a bus; if I leave, I will die.
I genuinely think there is someone in the laundry closet
My home is super weird 2
Out of Gas
The Haunting of Anchor Mines
You Don't Say
My perents won't stop crying and i dont know why
My first encounter with a yandere
another true story about Peppa pig
The Darkness makes a treehouse whole
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Don is afraid of the dark.
A scary story called "Claw" (I have no good name for it)
I Hate Christmas.
There's a Dark Spirit in Our Home and it Claimed My Wife. I Don't Want to Become one of Them...
Does anyone have advice on handling a birthday clown who won’t leave?
The Smoke
The Letters (pt. 2)
Black Circus Neubkadazzr
We will all die tonight
Sams Day
Everybody says time travel would be fun, maybe it is, when you get to choose where you go.
The Cemetery Part 1
I found a book at the beach
My dead best friend
Looking for a Female Horror Narrator
Recalling a time in my family’s life that we all buried for some time.
The Suburbs: Part 1
Ghostly Encounter: When you hate the stairways.
Bra Underware Drawer Organizers Travel Storage Dividers Box Bag from ebay
The creature in the walls
I visited an Abandoned Mall at Night along with 3 other friends, We stumbled across something I can never unsee
Mass Snaps
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 10
Watcher
Roscoe
The Edge of Space.
The Cipactli
I laughed at something on the ceiling as a baby
I Received A Letter Today And Fate Always Catches Up With You
Why are there shadows?
Don't Go Randonauting
While doing some research I heard a unexplainable sound from deep in the ocean.
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #3
I Was Murdered, But I'll Get My Revenge
Drug addicted father
Something talks in my house when I’m asleep
The Void (Part 1)
please help me
I’m being bullied at school by a two-faced girl but no one will take me seriously
The Content Creator
I'm the disillusioned creator of the grisly 'Raggedy Man' books. I fear my creations have come to life...
My uncle has gone to space...and now he's a recluse
Something onboard the S.S. Starwind
Rantings of a Schizophrenic.
I drove in the snow and regret everything about it
T-minus 5 seconds
Strange lights inside my apartment...
I think my brother has found images that kill you if you look at it or sounds that kill you if uou hear it
Comets &amp; Cow Worms
I get very confused sometimes (Final)
The Dog Sitter
The scary story
First attempt at dark humored fails compilations on Youtube. Criticism would be nice~
I'm a doctor at Clearwater Asylum but no one believes me
This is important.
Stories from my Roommate
The NoSleep shutdown has ended. Here’s what to expect next.
I love you
The rules i have at my subway station are Disturbing. (Part 1)
Sense quarantine I've noticed some things about my house......
I accidentally killed my entire town on my birthday and I don't regret it.(somewhat)
The Fall, the Triumph
Them (pt.3)
I heard a noise in the sewer tunnels.
I composed a music, but when I heard it backwards, it was cursed.
Trusting Mr.Bobo
My roommate keeps waking up with his anime watching.
It comes for the children Part 1
There's something strange in my neighbors garden...
I can still hear it.
My terrible terrible dream.
Sloshing, Hissing, and Smacking Its Lips
Ok, Is This a Sleep Paralysis Demon?
Go away and don't come back!
The skin simply melts off the bone.
Screenshots of my home screen keep appearing in my camera roll
The secret in my Chruch's basement.
Our Daughter Went Missing 15 Years Ago
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win 1 million dollars and the fourth challenge messed me up good.
My son's birthday wish is going to be the death of me.
I Found My Great-Grandfather's Book in Our Attic
They stole my eyes and ears. I can only scream until I die.
It looked like a game of hopscotch or something.
Sisters
The porcelain skinned child.
gun shots
The Graffiti Whispers in Paris (part 2)
The Quiet is Fine
I know my wife NEVER killed our dog (Update 4)
I wish I never knew..
RUN (Part 2)
I killed my daughter but I think shes back
There's hair growing out of my gum hole ... and my grandma brings to me to the "Black Room" to prepare for a ritual (PART 3)
what is the SCARIEST thing that has ever happened to you?
A file about my parent's murder was delivered to my description instead of my name.
I See Him Smile
I thought I was graduating. Instead, I witnessed a murder.
Something followed me home from the cemetery
Why the hell did I sign up for this job
Flower that grew between the keys
My trip to the dentist.
I’m a crop inspector. I visited a tiny farm in the middle of nowhere, and what I found scarred me for life...
Tasty
A harbinger of disaster called The Hand of the Shadow has invaded my home
I sort by new
My time in Purgatory(Part 1)
There’s...no....story
Scary gaming stories? Please share
This Is Why Camping Sucks
I am a professional rule breaker : PlainTown
An expensive hobby
Every minute a world ending event is prevented (part 2)
The Gaze of the Mantis. PART ONE
I dreamed about something that i believe was also in my room
My Friend and I know the truth (update 2)
- Friends
I Was Imprisoned For 24 Hours Inside a Dollhouse Escape Room
A Halloween to Remember
SirenHead (first post)
The street light
I returned to my old childhood home. The game room is terrifying.
That Wasn't Santa I Saw
I'm Regretting the Mile High Club, Because I Never Learn my Lesson
Pink Tutus and Blue Cheese
Literal No Sleep
I think my work IT guy might be a psychopath
The Death of Prometheus
The Price
Respect the dead
ONCE YOU READ THIS YOUR LIFE WILL CHANGE FOREVER
3506 Elm Street Series meet George. True Story
The Spaceman
Silas Watkins fights the Reaper
Somebody broke into my house when I was 11. Years later he came back.
Mommy’s locked room and the room next to it
I'm a Warden Between Realities, and I'm Hunting a Killer Sasquatch
I always knew that there was something wrong with my reflection.
There is a severed arm in my hallway
Roommates.
Black Creature Chasing Deer in the Woods
Checkpoint
I Live At The North Pole(Part 4)
Please, don't search for Alien life.
I live in my dead mothers house
I woke up in a strange place, got attack by an indescribable monster, and accidentally harnessed the power of the universe. Help?
My Parents Adopted a Bear Cub and now I’m Paying The Price
Do NOT name your snowman Jack Frost. I did. And it killed my entire family.
I don’t know why he visits in my sleep
Subject 3 2/10 The Survivor.
Trauma Aftershocks?
The Wailing of the Chimes
Do not get on a flight to Dallas, Texas
Taskforce Prometheus: Field Report 001
I live in a tiny village in England. My sweet, countryside neighbours are being REALLY weird.
I think there is something in my apartment
A Nightdrive
Things that go bump at night in our intern dormitory
Stairs in the woods?
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
Sweet Nightmares
I left my window open and something strange flew in
Part 2: I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I found something in the basement tunnels..
Oh no honey, it's all in your head.
bruh
Hiccup Relievers
A True Nightmare
I Will Always Love Fire
Australian Lawyers Directory
Every night i here foot steps out side my window,now im scared to sleep
I'm a Park Ranger, I Never Should have Patrolled on New Years.
Question about strange animal sounds
I'm a ranger at the most dangerous national park in America. Something is killing off campers.
The screams I hear and the...creatures, that I see when I close my eyes are incomprehensible SERIES-1
ROOM 898: Kiss From a Rose
Five Rules Every Charmer Must Know (Part 4)
Quarantine with my boyfriend has not been going well...If I see that smirk one more time I'll lose it
Jenny is real. Why do you think Blythe is important?
I think i’m dead and something took over my body
I vanished into thin air in front of dozens of witnesses, and someone caught it on camera.
I met the ghost in the attic
This restaurant was the only place hiring, and the list shows why
I moved into a new house and I my dog and two cats were trying to warn me.
A Warning
Creature stalker tells me the future
My camera finally caught something
Orange Head
I work at a supernatural lab. Our vaccines are rabbit tested. rabbit approved.
Why I stopped playing in the woods as a kid
The Moonlight Society (Part 2)
I've been dead for a year. This ghost town won't let me move on to the afterlife.
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (Finale)
I know why aliens don’t visit earth.Journal from the void
A guide to navigating your way through damnation (pt1)
I always close my window's curtains
The bugs that came from the wall
Something was watching me from the dark- I don't think it's human..
A Late Night Diner I Would Not Recommend
Someone was outside my window last night
Could somebody take care of my pretty fishes ?
The Teddy Bear and The Room
HAUNTED AND CREEPY
Whispers in the deep woods.
I took the night bus and it dropped me off somewhere truly terrifying.
Paper Thin Walls and Ticking Clocks
It came from the mines (Part 3)
My Husband Got Me A Surprise Christmas Gift
Guilty Pleasure
I thought I would utilise the lockdown to try and get in shape...
A Dark Corner
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (part 1)
I was an investment banker on Wall Street making millions. Now I'm a shell of a man, reliving the same horror for the last 10 years.
Silence of the Woods
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Part 2
What They Found in Brazil Changed Everything
I have Entomophobia
"And I'm conducting research on that beast I found in my backyard"
Be Careful What Trees You Chop Down
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I feel like I’m getting close and closer to solving this mystery. (Part 3)
My school used to be a hospital for the mentally ill
The man in the kitsune mask
The God pill.The reason that I stopped going camping
Things That Hide
A Snapchat Horror Story Animated
My Night in My Grave
Lately, My Horoscope Has Been A Little Off.
Tales From A Line Cook "Old Bill"
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right
The Case Of Marshall Jacobs (Part Three)
Potty mouth Patriarch is a clown who tells the future...
Podcast Episode 1: Mysteries across the globe
I Woke Up and the World Was Empty
They Came in Waves
My Dead Great Grandmother warned us about my Car accident
The Failed AI
If someone asks you to make a supply run for the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, just say no
Depresion as a haunting
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Fourth Level
I met some kind of cosmic being on the beach. It offered me redemption.
Fingers scratches
"Things Darker Than Man" (PART 2) by Julian J. Alexander
The backrooms are real
Volume 1: The Stalker
Deer Creek, Minnesota - The Disappearance of Emily Doe (Prologue)
The neighbors next door
Just transcribing old PD files found this weird case
We Had to Make a Few Changes for Grandma's Funeral, Necessary Changes
I work at an old age home, and I think it's haunted.
What will you tell the children?
My Tinder Date From Hell... Literally.
The Desert Cave
The worship mall
Chester Laincock, "The Squisher"
Ce Semeni, Aia Culegi
I inherited an old Psychiatric Hospital from my grandfather
We decode British myths and folktales for a Government agency. The Fae were hiding more than just a girl.
The camp I worked at burnt down. I feel like I can finally talk about what happened there.
My husband is forcing me into human trafficking
"Human detected"
Something lured me through the woods... Wendigo??
Paper or Plastic?
I got ‘group kidnapped’ but escaped
My sister's side of the story (My sister: 3/?)
The Cracks
There's something on my ceiling.
"Welcome To Hallows, The Most Haunted Town In The USA"
Stories for Youtube :)
Under the Pillow (Little Handprints Pt 2)
Tabula Rasa Ranch: Part One
I got trapped in an escalator.
Rosewood Pt. 5, The Sign
Incoming transmission..flagged top priority...source..manned artificial research satellite..The Reliance... (part 1.)
It was only supposed to be a light flurry (Part 2)
I dug into the university’s records on Tobias, what I found has left me disturbed.
Letting go
Hugging
Every morning I wake up in my bathtub. One morning I woke up to something trying to drown me
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here
I saw Baphomet
I HEARD the BIRDS 2 weeks ago
A Trip To The Fair I'll Never Forget
HELP: My Dead Wife's been talking to me
BURMUDA Files: Log 1
You're running.
Help. The Sun Vanished
The Rumors From my Previous School Have Some Truth to Them.
Never trust GPS. (Part 1)
Make New Friends, But Keep The Old
Maggots
I'm a shapeshifter confined in the US by the government AMA
Aren't you scared?Aren't you scared?
there is nothing wrong with the cctv
I Apparently Have A Ghost Trying to Haunt Me - Advice?
When I Was a Kid I Went On a Tour To an Old Mine- Part 1
My Daughter’s friend who may never had existed
The endless night
I am a professional rule breaker : The spirit of the forest.
Has your items ever faded away in your hand as a kid?
Micky mouse almost took me
alone
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 4)
Unexplored
I’m trapped in a bunker with a malevolent AI. I must pass 3 trials to be set free.
“One Call Away” I will narrate this and edit it into a video come Monday. I just want some feedback on my story first. Hope you enjoy! This is based on a true event that happened in my life.
The Birchwood Caf
How I found out my dad killed for money
I’m trapped in a nightmare that repeats every time I die and I can’t wake up.
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 16)
I'm not sure if this belongs here, but this actually happened just now
Can I play too?
Can i post a story that i didn't write if i credit the author?
I'm a hotel manager and something is seriously wrong.
I heard strange sounds coming from my town’s donation dumpster
The Wriggling Part One
NooseHands
My dog went down a hole in my basement. Something else came out.
Port des Luges
Joshua’s Sleepover
Girl sat on the bed
After watching a popular video on tiktok about an experiment on how to “see your past life”
A video game told me when my friend was gonna die
An Old Story Leads To A New One
The Man in the White Van
Grandma's Vase
I Found Something Hidden On An Old Wii Game, The Third
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 7)
Bad Things Happen in Parking Garages
When I was a child, my friend and I found a hole in the wall. (UPDATE)
Reunited.
I(18) saw my aunt(26) have an orgasm
Siyah Kedi
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land (Part II)
I Did A Ritual On Halloween Night
I saw something I wasn't supposed to
The Final Surf
"Suicide Man" recordings. Tape 1. (New here... Just testing the waters)
I went to the library for a late night study session and now I don't know where I am.
I think I was sent photos from the future
There are 7 Elder Demons bound on this Earth and I think I've released them all.  Asmodeus' Legions
There's Something in the Northern Prodigy Fields
An extraordinary laser tag experience
Red Woods
Something Is Going on Inside My Church (Part One)
They left me to die in the forest. Something terrible followed me back
NSFW: I was kidnapped
The Resident's Model
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. I need you to vote in the comments. Please.
Kidnapped by a strange organisation (1)
You'll Be Fine
There are giant wolves in the mountains of Alaska.
Small Town Rumors. First post on reddit!!! Kinda long story!!! Please Enjoy
That Was One Big Giant Creepy Crawly
The Jumping Spider
Demon look alike at the foot of my bed
The Rules for My New HR Job
I’m a Vet, these animals are not normal
Connection Paradox
Nightmares: Stage One, the Hospital and the list rules.
This is what’s going on behind the scenes of your favourite television show.
Unexpected Call (Internet Mystery)
My Friend Went Into Get Something In The Storage Closet, She is a Different Person Now (Part 1)
It walks through the shadows
I started a job at the local gas station. The previous worker left an odd set of rules to follow. pt 1
There's purple and blue lights around her face.
I think there's someone living in my attic.
The Lamprey of Coast City
There's something living in my walls - Please Advise
She wont stop pinching me
Random Windows Shutdown Noise
My Name is Maya Ben-Alonth, I am an Israeli Shabak Agent. My life has gotten a bit Strange… and I’m not sure exactly how
Ugh, I'm a terrible ghost. A new family moved into my mansion. I am trying to haunt them and scare them away but they can't take a hint! They just keep arguing with each other!
Choose Your Own Adventure
Chased.
A Note From my Sister
Wrote this last night
the eagle is watching
The Thing They Carried- final
Beware What Lies Beneath the Depths Unseen.
I went back to my grandfather’s house, that was the biggest mistake in my life
My cousin keeps waking me up during Christmas holidays
The ringing in my ears isn't tinnitus: it's a ghost frequency
Have you ever heard of Up Syndrome?
I Tried Helping My Mother Grieve
Don’t play the elevator game (p1)
RED EYE
Summoning Frosty the Snowman was a bad idea.
Not an author and THIS actually HAPPENED, to ME...
this really gave me the chills...
I picked up a phone from a guy who was detained for violating quarantine
She's the Reason I Can't Watch Porn Anymore...
A Little Less Marshall
Folie à Deux
I'm a vampire. You're all going to die in a few weeks.
The werewolf horror film that can get you really high
The evening that I can never forget
Valse Du Petit Chien
Weird encounter?
I went hunting in one of the local forests...
I'm going through ten million years of pain and I don't know a way out.
Alexa is always watching me part 1 by Jaelon McKnight
This is a letter I got from my friend.
There was a man in my sink
It is a father's duty to protect his child, but as my little girl lays dying in a hospital bed, I must turn to something I don't fully understand for help.
idk if it's considered a horror story but here's a badly made story by me but my friend thought of the concept and all but i wrote it ig? the punctuation is prob wrong sorry but uh i tried. still haven't thought of a title you can suggest one.
A Candle Made of Flesh
Why I Stopped Breaking Into Houses
rorriM ehT nI nomeD A
I'm drinking myself to death and I miss you
The Demon That Follows Me
Entity 20500-2-0151
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART NINE
Every Night, a Man Comes to My Window and Screams
Shadows of the Evening (Part 1)
THE TAPESTRY – OR HOW I CAME TO LEARN THAT AN EVIL PRESENCE WITHIN THE WOVEN THREADS UPON MY WALL WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BRUTAL MURDER OF MY HUSBAND AND ABDUCTION OF MY SON.
My boyfriend is having a skin problem
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
There's something at the end of my driveway. (Part 2)
I think I'm being hunted
Mr. Branch
I'm Workin for a Haunted Ranch
I Work at The Last Store at A Dying Mall - Part 2
NoSleep has a problem...
Our containment site was breached.
An otherworldly man and paranormal entities Part 1 The arrival
Night Wither
There’s a mole at the BFSH Eden Retreat and I’ve been ordered to smoke it out
do you want to know who i really am?
The Twigman
Teratophobia
I think I slept with a monster. Part Two.
I adopted the most precious little kitty cat.
There are no mirrors in my house
My wife and I bought a ranch, and my neighbor gave me a few recommendations on how to manage the land
The Tunnels Beneath Portland Hide a Terrible Secret
We appreciate a little healthy competition!
It dwells on Mount Misery - The story of my farm and it's dark secrets
I live in a tower block where strange things happen all the time. Even I’m scared of the man on floor 5.
The Light
What happened to 'Vessel 2149'
Theres a hell hound that lives in the backwoods of Colorado, so be weary when you visit...
5 things becoming one, and being put into a box.
Through the looking glass straight to hell.
I need answers
The Clap Of Death
The Old Morgue
The Escape (Part Two)
A short horror story I wrote a while ago
I wanna know what it's like on the inside of love
There's a squatter living in my house but I can't confront her due to my crippling anxiety.
I received an invitation to a party. The venue was my own home address
This is not an attempt at a scare. This is a true story from yesterday
H.A.T.C part two
What is reality
Homeless guy living under the stairs in my apartment complex, what should I do?
Shadow...
I am a writer and I think my characters are after me
Something Strange is Happening on my Island...
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part two
never pop a pimple...
Noclipped into the Backrooms during a dream.
Now, I am Cornered
Don't challenge the unknown unless you know how to deal with it later.
Please don't ban me I just want to be on r/madlads
I listened to my friends die over the phone
NSFW The Bartender
☁️haunted school☁️
They Watch. They KNOW.
True Laboratory
Found a strange notebook in my mail today. Part I: ThornsThe time I almost got killed
The Slaughtered Lamb, a Website
Nightshifter
Tales From Windago. Part 2: Miss Bellerose's World Famous Stew!
I found a place where you can watch the sun rise in the evening
The VooDoo Doll
I kept seeing a corpse of a woman
Living The First Day Of School Over And Over Again
I’ve experienced death…
I don’t know what you are, but you’re not a human anymore...
Halloween I'm With…
The Crimson Dream
NightNight.....
My Son's Brain Keeps Growing
I Saw More Than Demons
I got a Security Guard Position at an Amusement Park with my friends. We shouldn't have applied...
I Love My Pets But I Think My Cat Is Trying To Kill Me
Alternative Healing
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - part 2
The Bus To Nowhere
Dnksiz
I need to wright about my life as a diver before its to late.
Never go into the forest behind your house.
Encounter with a nahual (skinwalker for strangers)
I don't like my daughter's new toy. (part 2)
Hello Reddit! Today I ask for your help
Creature in the forest
I think my friend and I are being haunted
Night Terrors Got Your Tongue?
I was in HR for a cryptocurrency company. Now I have to disappear
The Haunted VR Set
Which author?
Dear Santa
Demonic tails.
A shadow being that ran on all fours.
Black Eyed Children - My Own Experience
The Most Fucked Up Out of Bounds Video Game Discovery. Part 1 - Reaching for the Stars.
A wild animal bit me and now strange things keep happening
Chester in the Corner
The Nightmare That is my Life.The Nightmare that is my Life.
Generosity
Smile For The Camera
Underneath the Bridge Part 1
I always thought my dad gave shitty life advice.
Those demons broke my babyWhy is no one talking about this?
Lucy's Mom Runs A Business That Commits Murders《1》
HOLY 3
There was a man sitting on my deck
Hey r/nosleep i got a message
“A Serial killer in my town is picking off teens one by one. I wish tht was the worst part. (Part 2)”
I was almost murdered by absolutely nothing.
Mentally Unstable Journal Entries
The Horror We Learn
I am a ParaMedic, doing search and rescue for humans involving dimensional phenomenon (Part 2)
My grandmother's secrets
There's a Shadow
An Interview with a Survivor
Kinetic Sand
The thing in the hallway part 2
The absolute worst part about dating a Demon is having to meet your in-laws
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else knows... Help Me (Part 3)
I bought a new personality from a witch. Now I just want my old one back.
Drones are More Dangerous than you Think.
The Mormon Church is Behind the Coronavirus
Camping, Rain, and the Visitor
The Coronavirus isn't what you think it is...
The blue light to 4h am
Do not read this, it is not for the faint of heart.
Dogs see shadow person
The Loser Part Two
The Icecream Van
Every summer, me and my best friends would swim in the village pool every day. When we were eleven, one of us was taken.
Plae Place- Part 2
Hello.
(part 1) I always wanted to be a superhero but I think I know what will happen if I go through with it...
New Position! Personal Assistant Wanted.
The MIRA Program: Chapter One: Weird things started happening at my lab in Canada, and I was kidnapped.
The blog of mount Hamiltons point: entry 2 the man with the golden eyes.
I think I moved to the wrong area...part 7
My dad told me not to go to the garage today, I wish I had listened.
Police Report 37 Missing Person on Dalton Highway (1/3)The Second Life
Eldritch Abomination FAQ
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado?
Cryptic Coded Paper Keeps Stalking Me
Broadcast-Transmission:File_1
I found a script for a film that doesn't exist
Blue Tie
The smiling man (smile series)
My sleep paralysis demon
August 2019 Winners!
My dad isn’t the same. (5/1/18)
Illusion?
discovered weird seed pods in my backyard swamp after a lightning storm, touched one and now have sentient moss growing on my hand
Never Shall Do Harm To Me
Help Me.
I can feel the whole world's emotions, I'm just a day in advance
The Warehouse
I'm Joshua Jackson, and I've seen some shit. (Part 1: The Hum)
Spending Christmas alone can really mess with your head
Franchising.
My Last Five Days Alive As a Flesh-Eating Monster Grows Inside My Brain
My New House Had Some Strange Rules - The Woman Outside
A woman in a white dress
I'm working overnights at a vacant hotel and I don't think I'm really alone
The Choice Experiment. Memories can and will be modified by the incautious mind.
If you ever find yourself at The Clockwork Hotel, stay inside your room at midnight. That's when the children come out to play. PART 2/2
The timer part one
I just wanted some beer
hey everyone, check out my scary story
The Fawn
I said something in my sleep that I immediately regretted saying
I have a possible ghost story
Pumpkin The Cat
Stalked for 5 years now.
I am sorry.
https://youtu.be/38QU-P_nS28
My son's ghost can cripple your honor student.
My 5 year high school reunion is going to end in a massacre. (Part 3)
My husband is a spy for the Canadian government and this is my story. (The Musician: Part 1.)
Do You Believe In God?
Our House Is Keeping Us Alive (part 3)
The Journal of Dr J de Jager (part 2)
My Phone Tried To Kill Me
It Wasn’t That Long Ago I Woke up on the 42nd Floor of a Building About to CollapseI've been crying a lot lately.
sonic exe 2 black sonic’s revival
I Saw Some Things (Part 2)
I used to sleep with a mirror at the end of my bed. Now I don't own any mirrors at all.
Daddy is taking me on holeeday!!!
Black Magic
My mom hasn't come back from work for five days, and something is at the door.
The screams I hear and the...creatures, that I see when I close my eyes are incomprehensible (Part1)
The NoSleep Mods have met an immovable object...
Do I have a Granddaughter named Isabel?
Suicide letter. Part 1- My cousin's last words
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for Rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 6).......Final installment
The Blessing
What is Happiness
Madame Rose’s School for Girls
Someone is trying to kill me
Tales From The Trenches
A guide to being immortality,
Horror Stories For Podcast
I found a satchel hidden in my grandparents attic and the contents have shaken me up
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave. (Part 3)
Cataract!
I keep finding fingernail clippings around my house. They aren’t mine.
A Story on a Late Night
My father was a horror writer. One of his stories was true. Part 1
Panacea
The Dream Trees
I almost died last Christmas. I'm terrified about what will happen this year.
IMG_0013.jpg: HELP ME!!!
The painting.
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 4)
Have you seen this boy?
Lakeside Homes
Ghostlights
The Mutilated Came
Never show an entity the way home
The Carnival In The Cellar
I Am Not Insane (But I Am A Synonym Expert)
I’m Stuck In A Time Loop On A Boat With A Psychopath (Part 1)
This is a clickbait title. Now you're curious. Read on. You know you want to.
Survey about Social Media
If you’re reading this I’m sorry
I returned to my hometown. There's a new house but something isn't right about it.
I am making a youtube channel and would love to be able to read some good scary stories.
there’s a strange tapping on the car roof
I danced with the devil.
DM ME FOR SNAPCHAT HACK
I'm never driving at night again
Silverbacks
Seep
Their watching.
Yo it’s 12:10 and I want to stay up bro
The Screaming man
Temper Tantrums
Too numb to sleep
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything (Final)
Hallowe’en is an excuse for a violent death.
Mirage
The man of the corn fieldThe Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - The story of our Cemetery
(Part 5) My great-aunt left me a set of rules and warnings. There's a lady in the mirror now.
I think there’s someone in my closet
Where is everyone??
Dream Demon
My name is Dr. Jack Hernandez, and I've been roped into an unusual job.
Strange things have happened to me all my life. These are just a few of them.-#1 The Yawning Doorway.
I inherited a mansion, but I want nothing to do with it (Finale)
Just Let Me Sleep
Possession
Brown aura.
Camino Encantado
Help! My family and friends think I'm going crazy
The rocking chair
Found a phone at the convenience store I work at and it has a story to tell. (Final)
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part III: The Bear Chase
I need answers I don’t care just give me one...
The Right Girl
“Are we there yet?” I asked Dad.
I think I moved to the wrong area (part 2)
Every night i get sleep paralysis and only the sun rise can stop it
I have found a locked up man in an abandoned basement.
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Remember Who I Am
I used to work at an aquarium until one of our exhibits went horribly wrong
I think the hallucination in my room is becoming real.
I Cannot Leave My Hometown
My Mom died and I think she's trying to contact me
I answer the phones at work... I've been getting weird calls lately
I was possessed by a demon a couple of years ago and I think I am going to die very soon.
We met a Witch with a Pink Crystal Ball. She could give us Anything.
if you can't see it, it can't hurt you.
The Siege of California Pt. 1
The Universe and Stuff
The night I saw my dead mom...
The dark one
Crave
March Contest Voting Thread
EM tries to take my 3DS for her kid, and she attacks me over it(1)
The Tapping In My Walls
Beyond The Glass Window
How to Survive Camping: the family curse
Hair Care
I think my former hometown diner may have closed down for more nefarious reasons than I thought.
On My Mind
My best friend shoved a weird note under my door one morning. That was how the nightmare began.
Nice Things
معكرونة الدجاج بالبشاميل
Something's in my back
Lucy and the Basement
She came for him
Road Rage
I just bought a new GPS, but it took me to the wrong destination.
Just Finished My Spring Cleaning!
I’m begging you , get out of here.
He was here (Stranger Things based series)
I awoke something, and It wants to wear my face.
My friend with a weird mouth.
Chant and it'll leave
salty tears is all I can taste.
After what happened, im never going hunting again.
I've Been Hiding Under My Desk for 12 Hours
I Met a Necromancer on Tinder
Something promised to protect me
Scared? I would be.
ANGELS &amp; DEMONS
Strange Changes- Answers (finale)
I found a kidnapper from a disturbing Youtube recommendation.
I Followed It into the Trees
Please help me, the only connection I have to the outside world is Reddit, and it only loads r/twosentencehorror
I’ve been trapped in this movie theatre watching Rango for the past 10 year.
Have you seen her?
Never Hike in Forest Green
Sixth sense in real life: My four strongest paranormal experiences.
A chilling video game
LED ON 24/7 YEAR IN YEAR OUT - THICK COUNCILS BREAKING THE LAW - HIDING ...
Never Go Camping in alqonquin park
The Old Train
Deeper woods.
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 10)
There's something in my town
My Grandmother Used to Keep Me in the Pantry... Part III
I received two christmas presents, the first one was amazing, but then came the second one... (PART 1)
It's been in the sky for 5 days, I think it's watching us.
My uncle used to own a farm. I wish I’d never set foot in that place. (Part 3 - Final)
I've Been Trapped In This Room For Days
""::opscenusOPSCENUS??////
Confessions of a Familiar
I'm A Therapist And My Patient Is Convinced He's The Antichrist.
I was trapped in my high school for 2 weeks being constantly hunted down, and I think I was in an alternate dimension.
The new girl at work comes from a disturbing family that has a weird obsession with dolls
TIFU: reading too much into dreams
The Missing Five part 1 of 4: A Bubble of Hopelessness
Stay on the Straight and Narrow and Seek the Light… or Else!
It Was Made For You And Me
I went jogging before a trip with my friends. Now I'm all confused.
Falling to the Void
An Unassuming Door To The Underworld (Part 1)
My father is the ice cream man. He teaches people the moon landing never happened.The woods in my town are gated. And for a reason...
The Tunnel (part 2)
Something Is Tampering With my Dreams and Reality
r/nosleep (Serious) I haven't slept in 128hrs
TW: mention of g*re
skip this post
Something really creepy happened after my friend vandalized a grave.
A strange request
Star Spangled Banner
That does it. I'm never going camping again.
We aren't the only things inhabiting this world, and we are food to them
Looking for a story. Please help, it’s bugging me.
Weird phone call tonight.
BABES AND BOYS: YOUR ONE STOP-SHOP FOR FINDING CUTIES
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I turned 28 three days ago.
I'm a reporter and I investigate urban legends
I regret selling my panties online.
I hate the doctor's
I met the nightmares of the human fears
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars and I just attended the strangest masked ball
This boy was following my friends and I... turns out he wasn’t a boy
I used an ouija board to contact my grandmother.. big mistake
I just wanted some inspiration for my painting and writing
Somethings in this house (PT 2) (FINAL)
How do I stop these stupid posts from nosleep from showing on my front page?
My twin sister and I are hunters. We killed a Pigman.
I just watched Snow White for the first time. So what was the tape I had at home as a child?
I wish I could be better
The Chevelle
There's Something Wrong with my Husband
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part two)
How to survive in this unholy neighborhood……at least some of the tips part 1
Writer's Block...
Forgive me for I must leave.
A serial killer in my family.
My sister met a killer
My Name Is Joe And I Think My Days As A Pikachu Doll Are Numbered
Alexa, how much time is left?
I think there’s something wrong with the woods here. Part 3
Shooting Review Board Report – 08/17/2019
Storm Up, Storm Down
The Ocean is Far Deeper Than You Think: Song of the Sea
Unexpexted visitors
The Custome
The closet man
Mama is Acting Weird
I received this email last night, but I'm not so sure I want to go to Camp Hillrock anymore.
Toothache
"9Jamie"
The two raps that will blow everybody away...
He found me
TikTok killed my Family
There’s someone? in my apartment - or my faucet.
The Company I Worked For Encouraged Us to Kill Ourselves
nosleep post
I had a one night stand that scared the living hell out of me...
I am a vigilante who uses a strange smartphone app to find criminals - Part 1
You're Going To Be Just Fine
My reflection is weird
A 2am Bathroom Trip
A night in the bar
I've been gone for Four Hours. For Me, It's been 12 years.
I am a Vampire, and this is how everything started
A Simple Game of Mafia (Finale)
I fouund a box in my older broothers rooom
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave.
NeverGales (Harmony Case)
My Imaginary friend is back; but he isn’t so imaginary anymore.
Shredded
Darkness of the Mind
I'm A Homicide Detective, and I Will Be the Next Victim
I had a Nightmare...
Help I think my cousin is a ghost magnet
Lulu's monsters
I'm a cryptid hunter in training, this (most) of my story.
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management team - Bride of Chucky
Rules at the Hadar Manor
I’m an inmate in a Superhuman prison, my cell mate is tortured every day pt 1
Someone in my apartment???
The Doctor and the Boy
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
The Burned Photo
I'm Being Watched by a 10 Foot Creature
If you're reading this on March 2nd be prepared for the worst.
Something In The Alaskan Woods
“I only gave the babysitter one rule: if the Christmas lights start twinkling strangely, leave the room immediately.”
sleep movie scene
I've been suffering from imposter syndrome.
Something Comes After Hours
The only way to protect my house is by not protecting my house
I saw a version of the movie CATS. It was not what I was led to believe.
There’s a strange black coyote causing chaos on my farm.
My friend nearly died at the pool, I'm still wondering who did it to this day.
Where I Am...
Its payback time, humans
The Thing that haunts My Dreams P.1
How many of you submit stories to true crime podcasts?
I think I’m being followed
Something happened in the bus under the rain
My brother is a killer.
The Ecliptic Gallery: December 8
sweet dreams are made of this.
Help me, There are worms in my body and I don’t know how to get them out
Last Week I Received a Weird Chain Letter From My Co-worker. I've Been Having Weird Dreams Ever Since.
The Rumors of Corpses
I’m Lily Madwhip and This is the End of the Beginning
Something was talking in the corner of my living room.
They're Watching Me
People are still following me,but they're the least of my worries now
My Gift? 'NSFW'
I've always had an irrational fear of water. Now, I don't think it's so irrational.
UPDATE: Buddy, the Dog with Short Legs. We got a letter!
My Great Grandmother opened a portal to hell in her home and cursed all the women in our family
My First Horror Narration Had Invited a Spirit!
The Dimview Recordings (Part 2)
Spider peen
The Monsters in The Woods (PART 5 END)
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried
I come from a long line of railroaders and train derailments aren't always what we think they areWe barely made it to the bunker, but i don't think were safe, SCP-001, when day breaks (Part 1)
The Visits
I found an odd journal in a Library.
Something Is Turning On The Lights In My House
Something Followed me Out of My Dream
so I was staying at a hotel the other day
I work as a clown. My new job seems interesting.
What My Mother Told Me - Ding Dong the Witch is Dead - Part One
An update on the pretty shitty pizza party
CherophobiaI think I know how I'm going to die
Sarah Smiles Once More
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea.
Remember, Remember
Lily.
Someone outside my house? Horrified
Glitch (Part 1)
What's That? Episode 1: The Importance of Responsibility
he never said goodbye (Part 4)
My time as a Security Guard.
I should never hired a nanny
I went camping recently, but a noise keep me up.
This one call changed my life while I worked for the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
The creature in the church.
I keep hearing strange noises in my home at night.
Alone in Quarantine
The Hidemen
Death's Miracles
Witchfucker
Whatever you do, don't let the creature in.
(TRIGGER WARNING) (#s child abuse, graphic violence) I've been deaf for 14 years. A couple days ago, I heard. I wish I never had.
Cyberpunk 2077 got delayed again. It should take away your sleep.
My uncle Rob found a podcast on our school website and it’s got me paranoid. I don’t think I’m safe.
Our Pet SCAR
They Say When You Die, Your Memories Flash Before Your Eyes. They Never Say They're Taken From You
"Don't be silly, dear" part one
The game knows the worst aspects of my life, and uses them against me
CASE FILE: \\ LIBRARY\\
Guest House
The words I speak are not the same as the thoughts I have
That wasn't my dog
Thanatophobia
I found a satanic website in deep web. It was horrible, to say the least...
Possessed Wolverine and Cyclops Toys
The Redheaded Kids Are Crazy.
Tzadu'la is here.
I Used To Be a Deep Sea Scientist
Asteroid Viewing - Follow-up
I met my best friend at the carnival
The Alarm clock
ARG / Unfiction story, Warstead. Need help investigating.
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Ex-Girlfriend.
PT.1 of “Its been 10 years since the outbreak”
a little warning from a succubus
Fortnite chungus
The Boy in the Tunnel
The Truth is in the Polaroids.
A very cold evening
Dad: *honking the horn* Me: Hold on Nitram went to go get the Game Boy!!! (Part 1)
Thank you but no...
I called the in-dream hotline for escaping nightmares. My unborn son was the nightmare I had to escape.
Something Is outside... And it’s not human.. Pt. 1
I decided to look at pictures of my mother in old photo albums
I woke up in a torture chamber.
My Sleep Paralysis Has Taken A Terrifying Turn Part 2
When The Lights Finally Fade Out.
This is really creepy…
The Beggar Prince
5th September 2020
It all started 5 days ago. I kept waking up at 3 AM
The Skin Balloon: The Doctor's In
Window Creeper
Im trapped in a post apocalypse world whenever I fall asleep (Part 1)
Toy Story The Lost Tape
I’m a coroner in a reasonably large town, and nothing made me sick to my stomach. This tape did.
I saw a ghost while working the night shift
The Oswald Cat
I've been having weird dreams,, and I've decided to start keeping a journal (2)
Only my dad believes that there was somebody in my room. My mum ignores me when I explain.
Brother prevented a school shooting
IRL Social Media
I answered A Personal ad last year.
Work from home has been essential to my health in a lot of ways
generic spooky environment, rules, MUST follow
..-. . . -.. -- . … - . …- . -. (Part 2)
When the wheat grew over our heads, we weren’t allowed outside.
Everytime i look at the clock its 4:44
My friend saved me, now I have to kill him (Part 2)
Three Sentence Horror Story "Staring"
Something's Been Trying To Kill My Patients, I Think I Found It.
Endless Deep
I Investigate Disturbing Cases: Here Are My Stories - The Tall Woman
My wife is going crazy
if you find a penny, pick it up
TRACE TESTING IS A SCAM TO FORCE YOU INTO FEMA DEATH CAMPS
My electronics are making strange things. I don't think it's normal.
The thing in my apartment
The graveyard kills at midnight. No matter what I do, I can't stop it.
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus
My Life Will Always Be Hell. Part Two
I have a crazy imagination
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift. (part 3)
The Hallway Hicker (Part 1)
Train Tracks
She has Webs for eyes
I’ll find him.
I was sent to an uncharted location in the Atlantic Ocean. What I found was unnerving...
Jeff The Killer Part 3
I don't know if I am living in an alternate reality.
Jon sat in the darkness
I gave my employee a gift my daughter didn't want, now I know why she didn't it
Something paranormal peruses me
A Hunting Trip
I work in an icecream van and my company left me some disturbing rules...
I have seen the creation of life through the blood.
Cigarettes
The Mirror Devil- Part 2
Mr. Shands
Reverse Vampire 12: The New Orleans Job
A short story
Staring In The Mirror Too Long
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I came face-to-face with the epitome of Fear. Part II
Need to find a friend who does not wish to be found
Is It Safe To Post?
I Can Feel It
The Hairs
The most trauma I have ever experienced.
The Rattle
Atlantic
On my last day as an officer of the law we watched a weird as hell surveillance tape
my sleep paralysis demon
I've wanted to kill myself for almost six years now and I'm only 17
My Sister And I Discovered An Abandoned Cabin In The Middle Of The Woods. I Wish We Hadn’t.
My Grandfather's Journal
The Disappearance of Will Gardner
A Hoaxed Human Invasion
The Pond, Where It Ended Before It Began.
I think I'm being haunted and I dont know what to do.
Passenger Not Found
Chatter
The term Indian Burial Ground is Offensive
I Survived (Part Eight)
A TV Date
im mad
Fefe the ghost
I woke up in a pitch black room and it's not mine. Part 1
The beast from Bodie (Part 1)
I received a scary warning from an alien civilization
A threat to your existence.
It gets closer every time I talk about it
When I was younger, my parents spoke of how they would find me talking to myself. Now my son is doing it in the exact same room.
I work as a Janitor at a Catholic School
My Town Has Dark Secrets
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. This was the last time I saw the little girl who beat me up.
Borrasca what happens to number is she dead Or alive?
Hello. My name is Creatorda Guardian just a code name.
Necromancy for Beginners
The girl who saw ghosts
My program at the university has a strange set of rules that we students must follow
Free Google Play Card Codes Generator
Jane
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive.
The Mark
My boyfriend is an Ex CISIS and people are trying to kill him
I hunt monsters for a living, and its a hell of a job (Part 2)
I have no rules at my security job because i have to write them... (Part 3)
Day Filled With Nostalgia
Please, read this. This is your last chance.
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part three.
The little boy and the old man pt:1
The Stag Light - Part One
My childhood home hates me
First it was my dreams, now its the shadows.
Can anyone help me? I think I've been scammed.
My new girlfriend is adventurous
The God Farm (Part 6)
Something strange in woods.
Stuck inside nightmares? What's going on?
‘Twas the Sixth Night After Christmas I sought out aide
A Realm of no Perception.
When I was a teenager, my parents never let me explore the woods behind our house; now I know why.
My older brother drew a Satanic circle in the driveway.
A cult took over our reclusive town. Now people grow from trees. (Part 3 of 3)
i traveled to an another universe. my story
My friends dared me to do something I shouldn’t have done.
Am I possessed?
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. Bad things are starting to happen here again.
Insomnia- can’t sleep or get up at the right time
There's a weird creature with yellow eyes stalking me, and he won't leave me alone.
I'm being hunted on a train to nowhere (Part 1)
Retail is Still Hell
Busy
MY CHILDHOOD WAS FULL OF NIGHTMARES
insects are aliens from hell, and I befriended them
All My Pretty Things
Was one eye better than two? (Part 3)
I was a subject to a horrible project (The Introduction)
One corner is always darker
Cerberus is a Great Gaurd Dog. This Isn't a Surprise.
Home Sweet NOPE!!
Jeff The Killer: Bereavement
7 Days Journey of Amaranth Gluta NAC
guys this is a test pls dont waste ur time reading this thanks
Im starting to think this "storm" is not a really a storm.
Asking for a friend? Have any of you experienced anything like this?
Under The Rug
The Collapse
Tales from Louisiana
Behind you.
I run a Safe Haven for monsters. Sometimes I really hate this job
Covid isn't the only thing you should be protecting yourself against.
I wake up in the middle of the night to a loud noise.
Take Your Pills
Relax, it's over, you belong to me, I fill your mouth with dirt.
I ACCIDENTALLY KILLED AN OLD WOMAN, NOW SHE WON’T LEAVE ME ALONE
My neighbor was recently arrested for murder, I don't think he did it
The boy in the paper bag mask
The Fine Gentleman
There are a lot of things in the deep dark woods
First days at a new job are never easy
I think my therapist is stalking me...
I live in a near perfect world
Both Of You
I think a spirit or something evil possesses my mirror.. need help
.....
Solve my riddle for her life. NoSleep, you have 3 days.
Interview With a Ghost-Whisperer
I wish I never opened that door
My last job Babysitting
THE END(part 1)
The party upstairs was keeping me up all night. But, when I asked them to quiet down, all I found was a man sitting alone in an empty room. (Part 2)
A Note Apart - Part 2
Friend sent me strange images in groupchat and no one else can see them
The fuckening
Venus de Vipère
My sister was acting strange
Looking for Stories!!
Am I Alone
HEy, can you heLP Me rEad?
There's a burning Giraffe out in the Desert
I Picked up A girl on a Midnight Drive home, But She Isn't Alone.
Every Monday I see the same man at the grocery store over-filling his shopping cart with marshmallows. Today I followed him home.
Cuck
I'm privy to the secret below Joe's coffee. Don't go there if you're human.
Who am I (Pt 2)
Mom died and I think she's trying to contact me
It wasn’t a dream
I googled my birthday the other day. Now I have the police reports.
I Used To Work At A Human Farm, It's Very Disturbing, I've Warned You.
Jazz for Those at Death's Door
"Our" haunted house.
The Man in the Mirror
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away, I found a strange set of rules.... (part two)
I work night shift at a drive-thru. My most demanding customer isn’t human.
Don't go to Disney world. You have been warned.
The Thing That I Am
I think there’s something haunting my town, or at least my family (part 2)
Occurrences from my bullshit life
I Don't Believe My Brother Went Insane
Your not alone.
I volunteered for "Next Step In Human Evolution". I became something else.
Ladders have been appearing in strange places at my college.
My Dog is Missing
There are still prisoners at Alcatraz. You just have to know where to look (part two)
A demonic entity is haunting me after I found an effigy buried in the woods behind my house.
The Rapture Wasn't What We Thought
We finally caught the arsonist in our town but he claims someone more sinister is to blame...
The carrot and the stick
Why can’t I move?
Lanky Larry
The Swing
My 13th birthday party changed our house
I care about you, please let me out.
The eternal neighborhood
Uncontrolled....excerpt.
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't hear about it on the news. Here’s how past and present sins intertwine
The man in Burger King
Why I quit being a paramedic.
There was a Shadow
That wasn't Dylan.
I play music to dead people, today they played one back
Blackwoods Bend
I swore I would return!!!
Saw Valak 7 to 8 years before It was published in " Conjuring "-series and " The Nun "
I Got an Answer to the Question I've Asked Myself for the Past Five Years; I Wish I'd Never Gotten It.
Rules for avoiding entities attachment (Part 2)
I am a Sheriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart Texas Part 3A
Dragging Dream
Then, she opened her eyes.
My Friend's guest room is haunted and we don't know what to do
Crystals in the Soup
"That Guy"
My carpool driver hasn't stopped driving for 12 hours straight now.
100% True Story of my haunted house
I found the Stairway to Heaven . . . Something is seriously wrong.
The Monopoly Board
Reddit wouldn't let me post this..
The room service woman will try to seduce you, don’t fall for it.
If you see a vehicle broke down on Clear Creek Road, do not pull over and help
JUMPSTART
An Open Window, An Empty Room
Something Else Entirely
Paternal Instincts
I work as a maintenance man at an apartment complex. I don’t know how much more I can take. Part 1
Anabel the theater ghost
Past life memory ?
Wonder
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (final)
A Tiger Ate My Husband
Sisyphus, the one sentence story
My father's death was ruled as a "Medical Impossibility"
I just started working at a brand new museum. Now I have a multicolored taxi!
The day will come when you won’t be.
Can I make money online?
I am trapped in the depths of hell with a cosmic communication relic, and I am not sure what its deity wants from me.
They Came to Collect
The voice in my head made me do things...
(Serious) My Sleep Paralysis "Demon"
The train to nowhere
The Police Don’t Have to Protect You, Constitutionally
Somethings stealing from my workshop. (part 2)
There was an old shed in the backyard of my childhood home.
Eviction
I think my dead grandpa sent me a sign.
It's cold in here...
The Thirteenth Tale--The Rat King
Something is trying to come through our universe.
Obama touched me and said if I let him stroke my penis he will tell me his last name but if I tell anyone his last name we will send the us navy to all come to give me anal
Nights with my husband.
The Witch of Salem Cave
He was just playing
A Childhood Memory with Mr. Longears.....
My Girlfriend Started Acting Very Strange on Our Anniversary
Dead Chest
I Met Someone From My Past and We Both Agree our Realities Got Mixed Up.
I know when something is a lie. i wish i didn't
I can feel things and it never ends
I lived in a complex that kept strange beings away from society. Now I'm finally free. (Part 5)
Maroon 5- girls like you (Sax cover)
Is this some sort of hell?
Quiet
Statues are appearing in my town and people are going missing part 2
We thought our roommates were just absentminded but it was worse
Lock
Albtraums (The Dark Room)
I remembered a series of dreams I had when I was a kid
Whenever I play music, the smell of blood follows.
Poppy seeds &amp; bath water
Don't think or say these 6 words or They will find and kill you
I get paid to feel fear. No, this isn’t supernatural – it's just very fucking hard.
I see the true faces of the people who run everything.
I'm a dog trainer. But I use "special" treats to get them to do what I want. It worked like a charm, until today.
I am a reporter in New York. I thought I knew The Beatles. Until I didn't.
Nothing is Worth Dying Over
Hunting Season Is Strange In The South
They fed my body to the pigs. Twice.
I’m in massive trouble
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part 1-2)
It all started after the foreign exchange student chased my crush around the school with a shoe.
Tracks in the Alley
Help our daughter is missing
I've researched a "werewolf" sighting for years
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ... There’s a new Queen in town.
I work for a psychologist who specialises in killing imaginary friends. We can deny it all we want, but I don't think they're imaginary.
Why I'll Never Swim Again
The Blood Haiku
I bought my dream car. I wish I didn't.
Has Anyone Here Seen The Short Film "Concrete Elysium"?
SANDWICH RITUAL (beware)
Don't Leave me ... Please
Unconditional Surrender (Part 1)
"Get off my lawn," the old man shouted. I should have listened.
The huge apartment building - The welcome that gives me the place.Bad Dog
If you ever see a strange man that offers you a Delivery Job, and he doesn’t say what’s in the Box, Get as far away as possible, and call the Police.
u/anhundred asked if anyone attended the May 6th showing of Noises Off, back in 2003.
The knocking won't stop
I had a weird experience with sleep paralysis just now...
I am being stalked constantly by this being, he's definitely not human.
My nights on my farm has gotten weird....
My town hides a dangerous secret.
Camt aleep
Slime Mold
I Interviewed A Ghost (Part 2)
Hiroshima and Nagasaki was a cover-up.
I’m Seeing Red
A Serial killer in my town is picking off teens one by one. I wish tht was the worst part
I found out what was making the noises in North Texas. We're all doomed. (PART ONE)
The killer at large is in no way human
After the credits roll
I bought a strange comic book on online, I’m main character
I am Elliot Cavoette. I Had a Vision. It scares me
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 3)
D: Need relationship advice!
Was it Madness or Reality?
No Subject
My name is Louisa
Into the Trees Pt5: The Girl was Never There
Never install a automatic chat bot
Real Live Dinosaur
I'm new in town. I'm also new in my life.
Once Bitten, Twice Shy
She watches me while I sleep
Couch surfing
i cant find my baby. the last time i saw her was in someones car
Join FitBud!
Diary Of A Female CreepSkin Walker Story
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think (Part 4)
The Monster I Am
i think it mite be minde controle
I'm Just The Chef
Something broke into our house and we're like 90% certain it's going to come back
Beelzebub's Silver Spoon
I will never forget my parents death (part 2)
A man asked me to count his cows and my world forever changed
There's a House on my Street that only Appears in the Rearview Mirror
Do you believe in Karma? Because you should. We all should.
Preserving family tradition
Gut feeling
I live near a canyon, something is off this week.
Twice Carved: A Halloween Tale
Encounter with a spirit
I recently got new glasses and I’ve been seeing weird things ever since
Vice
My family has a secret gingerbread cookie recipe. Now I know why it’s a secret.
Entire countries are disappearing from the Earth’s surface
The Riddler
I think Dad needs a new job
Helpmehelpmehelp
I visited my grandfather, what I saw scarred me.
Uber story idea
My name is Maya Ben-Alonth, I am an Israeli Shabak Agent. My life has gotten a bit strange… so today I began investigating.
Pizza boy scare time
Due to recent violent events, pumpkins are no longer allowed in Point Pine
Moses, Chata, discovery of integration of disease with yeast.
The night before Christmas, our family became whole
I got my first foot job and life will never be the same.
The ride to silence
My Bed
My Grandmother's Taffy Was Made "Special"
The time I went to an abandon house on Halloween
Ronald McDonald is acting strange...
I haven’t had a sleepover since I was eight years old. Fourteen years of therapy later, I can tell you why.
Parasite
The oblivious girl
Like father, like son.
Fear of sleeping with window open HELP pls
I found what was in the walls
Protocol 13
Mister Polinskoll
Harry's Golden Glowing Brothel and His Fish Wife
Me and my girlfriend received texts from each other last night that we never sent. The texts were all confined between 4:15AM and 4:25AM. We live together and both woke up to the sound of the texts.
Help! I’m trapped in a city of all women! ... I met a Goddess
Pojo
that one creepypasta
If you're driving back into the city on a windy road, don't let the headlights behind you catch up.
I may need help..
You’ve read this before
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and there’s something wrong with my cast mates.
I just wanna pee on the floor
All Our Hearts (part one)
i need help pt 1
The story of the hooded man!
Mirrormen took my mother from me 256 days ago but all is not what it seems...
My name is project #124 Pt two
Mystical Trash ch2
Tales from the pipes.
I met the Devil, God, and the Grim Reaper all in the same day.
I was bitten by a creature in the woods and now I keep having dreams of a man trying to kill me
Taphophobia
I work in a fire watch tower, and the mist is coming
my grandma's stare scared me
The Road in the Woods
A souvenir from the cottage
A Dark Corner (Part 2)
It Just Won't Leave Me Be
Do You Mind Donating Your Skin To Me?
Has anyone had a lifetime or life-defining experience with ''the occult '' or simply the darkness ?
How long does it take to repost a story after the Bot deletes the post temporarily for changing the format?
Coincidences
My Aunt breaks my Ouija Board and pays a horrible price (Conclusion)
I know what death feels like. And it's beautiful
I'm glad I got out of there....
Weird Reddit homepage, any help?
Sometimes it's better to keep wondering...
I saved them, but who’s going to save me?Therapists Don't Like To Be Rejected
Transmission
Easter Hunt
My Best friend has Gone Insane
My Baby Was Almost Possessed Before She Was Born
The best Christmas ever turned into my worst nightmare
The Sun Died: There's Someone Outside
Eight Feet Tall Story
I babysat Satan's kid for a night
I’m the son of an army ranger. I’m also the army’s greatest mistake.
One Particular Night
Lamp
They Had Such Wide Grins
“It’s not the house that is haunted”
The Tape
A Gift From Hell
This post is a warning. Don't make my mistake.
So...my friend has a pet named Buttercup and I kind of messed up
There's a demon at my uni
The woman who bumps into you
I never leave curtains open
Where am I... Part 1 Creepypasta
The Teachers at My School are Disappearing, Now I Know Why
My friend Charlie
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 10
WHAT
Fuck the elderly
There is something about the school I went too
Don’t Look Outside On Christmas Eve {Pt 2}
The Geico Pinnochio commercial is scarily reminiscent of Tommy Taffy
Mr. Moore wants to stay alive.
A Scream in the Void
I think my wife kidnapped me:
A True Story from my uncles and my dad, short but true
I got stuck with a pet demon. This time I was invited to a party and it was scary as Hell.
Tomorrow is my eighteenth birthday, HELP
What happened that night?
I'm still scared to this day
My girlfriend left me a note that led me to a deadly game
I’m a deadbeat, and it’s nobody’s fault but my own
Don’t explore creepy places alone. (Graphic)
If You Ever Come to a PlaceCalled Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
The girl nextdoor.
The Dichotomy of the Forest and the Fields
None of Us
Your Dead Heart Lives In The Mirror. They Watch Us.
There's a haunted house at a fairground which adapts to your memories
"Anything BUT a deer"
The WellThat which lays below the mud
A normal apartment...
PYROMANCY – PATIENT RECORD BT068110120
I am looking for relief, but I won't find it.
I had a terrible nightmare and realized my wife is gone, I don't know what to do.
I didn’t want to be one of them
I keep pranking myself while drunk...
I lost my son in a freak accident twenty years ago, and now he's a king
It used to just watch, but now it plays that game as well.
The Seventeenth of November
Why does no one outside of our town see it
Bloody Bones
My best friend and her twin brother hunt cryptids for food. We're trying to make a plan.
Me and my friends are stuck in the woods, and there’s a tall figure with claws after us (Part 2)
If your cat is staring at you, get rid of it.
The Ice-Cream Man
My grandpa that tragically died
The true nature of reality will be revealed by 2025 by the international governing body of United Earth
The Chiming Just Won't Stop
Recipient Wanted
My Girlfriend Has Been Acting Strangely Lately Part 2
My cabin is buried in the snow, and I think something's in here with me.
The Blue Boy
300 Feet
The Loup-Garou
I have my own "orbit." It started with inanimate objects, but what came next was much worse.
Tempest
The Shut-Eye
The Lizards &amp; The Lobbyists Have Broken My Mind
The Not-So-Silent Night.
We received a signal to not one, but possibly many alien groups.
I keep having nightmares and I can't sleep
I was attacked by a ghost in my sleep
I got in an elevator and it keeps going down
This is actually happening to me. OH HECK I GOTTA GO
The door on the ground in the woods
How can anyone else do this?
Seven Years Ago I Made a Bargain with a Demon; I Just Killed a King of Hell with Stilettos
Blogger In SEO Teması 2020 - Namina Kiky
How do I file a lawsuit against a dead dentist?
The Weird Accounts of a Secret Mars Expedition
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this one will be the death of me (Part 2)
I Think I've Found A Cursed Board Game...
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free-- If You Ever Meet Him, SAY NO! (Part One)
After this I will never play with a Ouija Board again
A photo of myself sleeping, when it's impossible that anyone took it.
i work for a strange organization...
Wendigo who spoke part 2
There is nothing wrong with my little daughter
No people were harmed in the making of this film.
My husband and I are trying to kill each other Part 2
My Preternatural Account part 4: Things Have Changed
I think my dead boyfriend is trying to call me
They Aren't Protecting Us Anymore, Warn Everyone You Can!
The Vegan Experiment
Screams
My families UFO encounter...
Not all had light... including me.
Dead Man Talking
I Babysat for My Best Friend. I Don't Think I Want to Ever Again .
Sights of Iron
I started working in overnight security and now I'm starting to see weird stuff
People in my city say that my car, my style and the type of phone I’m using: "ran out of popularity/style 23 years ago"
In my dreams I saw end of the world and i think it was a test of my faith
The Diaries of an English College Professor, Detailing His Uncovering of a Colleague's Twisted Experiment Vol. 1
Ballerina
I can't figure out what's been killing my animals. The government captured it.
The Emerald Orchid - Creepypasta
Seven Signs of a Psychopath (Final)
Something My Six Year Old Daughter Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Past Three Nights- 3
My ex fiancé has been missing since Sept 8. His phone was switched off, but last Friday—it rang. So I called last night, and someone picked up. A man who sounded like he was on crack. Either he’s done something to my ex, or I was cheated on—I feel strongly.
Diary of a Demon Part Two
The NehmenI Wish We Never Entered That Cave
We bare it. And we are tired.
I received a word from The Lord.
I process undeliverable mail for the USPS. The dead letters are starting to creep me out
If you go straight home after a funeral a something might follow you inside. I didn't know this, though
I got roasted at a live comedy show, and it ruined my life
I come from a reality where the Soviets occupied America, but the Russians and Chinese of your time showed us how to............because they're about to do the same. Part 1
The Magician
19 Chestnut Street (Pt. 2)
The Moonlight Society - Part 3
**SECURITY ALERT**
Beware drinking an energy drink called unique
Why is there a hoplite stabbing kids at my school?
HAPPY 10TH ANNIVERSARY NOSLEEP!!!
Queer
I discovered a manuscript in a 1,300-year-old manuscript in an old monastery. What it said still haunts me.
My Childhood Best Friend Won't Leave Me Alone
My wife suddenly started complaining that I earned too much money
The Man With an Orange for a Head
Stitch (Trained Toy Agent) Pt 1
My name is William Blithe, and I've recieved a job offer.
.... . .-.. .--. .. - .... .. -. -.- - .... . -.-- ..-. --- ..- -. -.. -- . ... --- -- . --- -. . .--. .-.. . .- ... . ... . -. -.. .... . .-.. .--.
I’m an Escaped Government Experiment (Part 6)
The man who wanted room 39
She watches me eat
I think someone in my online class wanted to harm me
My last bedtime story
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land.
I have a Demon Serving as my “Guardian Angel” AMA!
THE PRESENCE THAT WAITS FOR ME AT NIGHT
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Now an inter-dimensional asshole is trying to end the world as we know it.
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 5
My boyfriend joked that he wanted us to be stuck together like glue. He wasn't joking
Where Am I
I think my girlfriend is posessed by something that lives my dreams
Some time ago, I had to move out of my apartment
My biggest freak out ever
Last night, something found me.
"Diesel spill"
The rules to the Hall of Fortune.
A dream from last night kept me thinking, this is what I can remember from it.
last night where I loved her
I've cataloged exactly what I remember. Is anyone out there? Am I talking to myself?
Her name is Lily. My name is Kat. Pt.2
The Apartment Complex I Moved Into Has Some very Strange Rules (Part 2)
My friends think I went on vacation with them, but I don’t remember going.
I took the leap into a better life.
By public opinion I have been told to post this Allegory I wrote for a class
Through the tunnel we go..
Weird moment in the Bathroom
I need help, I think someone is trying to kill me. I don't have any clue who this person is.
The Beauty in the Grey Scale
The Wendigo Calls - Part one
There's something our town doesn't want to talk about. A lake in the woods.
I don't have much time, i was bleeding out
Grandpa Had Neighbors
Memento Mori...I remember now...
We Should Never Have Invented Teleportation (Part 1)
I tried to save a woman through my dream - real story
Metal af Creation Myth. I wrote it for a school assignment but I thought it was alright.
Elmo tried to rape me and forced me to tickle his dick
The day that flipped my world around
My Grandmother's experience with The Suffering. Part 2.
I experience sleep paralysis quite often, but something changed recently, I think my sleep paralysis demon is real.
I Think I'm a Supervillain
How to Survive Camping: I've lost my campground
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an incident at a middle school. (Part 9).
Talk to the dead
I live in an R.V. Park, part 5
Le labo santal 33 vs Arlo Room scent :)
I don’t know what to do about this old man
There was an outbreak on a continent that no longer exist...I'm here to explain what happened.
My Dead Best Friend Grace Is Clawing At My Fourteenth Floor Window. I'm Going To Let Her In.
I'm a manager at an Escape Room, and Rachel came back. (Part 2)
King Story
Mr Meaty: Josh is now evil.
I can see things others can’t. Those things are the stuff of nightmares.
Whatever you do, DONT TURN AROUND
The people in the fog are demanding my newborn son
my body doesn't match my mind
I am the night guard at my local subway station. I found a second user manual outlining some very disturbing rules.
40 Wacks.
I found something when I was home alone. I hope it doesn’t kill me.
When you go to heaven, stay away from the angels.
I Guard High Profile Prisoners, but I couldn't guard this one from what hunted her
Tabula Rasa Ranch - Part 1
The Ignota
Sleigh Bells
The Perfect Dream
I don’t know who that was.
orange candy coming out of my shoe??
Does anyone knows about the midnight club series?
A Demon Held My Classmates And I Hostage Until She Granted Our Wishes
My friend was haunted by a face
Every couple of years an orphan gets lost (part one)
The singing of the ice
Episode 1 of the flat
The Night I Told My Friend The Truth
what's happening in my neighborhood...?
My Friend and I did something bad at the movies when we were teenagers. (Part 4)
I went to IKEA, it broke my marriage.
Blue HouseHi everyone it's Ashely. Thank you for everything.
Demon (Part Two)
Have you ever witnessed someone being possessed by spirits???
How my little brother became a shadow (Part 3)
Aunt Gracey
Fresh Snow
No Contact
Sunday Morning Jog
The Story of the Hunted
Murderous Seraphina
7 April. Night of the Full Moon
My neighbor is using power tools past 10 PM.
weird stalker(s)?
CONFISCATED ARTICLE - "A thank you letter to my friend in the end."
We are now at full capacity.
Checkmate..
A midnight drive
My Father's Knight
The Devil's Vessel
My childhood imaginary "friend" came back, and he isn't my friend
Freedom Sneakers Part 1
20,ooo flue dearhs and only 1,000 carnoverna deaths
Don’t follow in my footsteps
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. I didn’t things could get any weirder, and then the guns came out.
I was almost taken by Sack Man
No Coincidences in the Woods
Lilith-part 1 of 2
The thing under my bed won’t stop making noise
Overnight camping: week 9, the Final week
The Laughing Man in My Staircase
I can see it
She's in my head
Childhood memories are coming back to me, unfortunately something else is as well
The Delivery - Part 1
That's Not My Dog
The keereoshi
NBA 2K21 My Career EP 5 - College Girls
I received a gift from The Fair Mother Deisa.
thank you jeajamhacker for saving me from my cheating husband.
Rules for avoiding entities attachment (Part 1)
A journal from a patient in the Psychiatric Ward
I saw something i cant explain, help
I shot and killed my best friend.
I think I discovered a theme park's horrible secret
We are the Knight
It's Not Real
I’ve been hearing noises at night and haven’t been able to sleep properly for a year and a half
Interview with a Survivor
I Helped My Husband Sell His Body
I think its a women in my room!!!
Bloody Nightmare
The Toxic Roblox Girl
God, I love my job.
I went in Search of a Cryptid that my Great-Great Grandfather Encountered.
My father was a preacher and a murderer...
Did the tooth fairy visit you too?
Where is God
The yellow eyes
Aunt Ninna's House 3
I realized I could customize my family and friends. Things got a little out of hand.
My Nose wont stop bleeding
The midnight man
Testimony of a hidden Cannibal
Neon
Part One Of "As I Lay"
This the story my mum told me
Error
spotlight
Malfunction
Please watch yourself out there, there are people pretending to be cops and the police lines are busy because of protests.
I just moved in (Part One)I opened a museum of cursed objects. This newest one is extra cursed.
A Wrinkle in the Eye
I bought an antique doll from a thrift shop and then things got weird
The Estimate
House Of Mirrors
My dream..
I run a museum of cursed objects. I just hired a new employee.
I am a coroner in Russia, and this was the strangest cause of death in my entire career
Artificial Intelligence in our daily life. Check out the article and provide feedback to improve it.
The swamps and their many secrets
The Amazing Nicolas Hemlock
Don't visit the Bad River Indian Reservation
Two sentence horror stories 👻 (sorry it doesn't completely follow the rules I'm only 11, ok?)
Ghost Detector App
Nate.
I’m a pro-choice activist. Weeks ago, I was inseminated against my will
I brought something horrible back from Tennessee
They Come For You in the Night
The schools muppet
Walmart
Im Trapped in This Crazy Girls Bathroom.
DISCORD SERVER
Black Widow of Hazel Green
I found something in my woods.
My very own stalker.
10 rules to survive the nightmare shift.
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream
Quantum Tales from the Ward
Pigface - Tell yourself it isn't real. Or we all die.
Could I be haunted? Or is all the homes ive lived in haunted?
Join FitBud!
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 13
My brothers imaginary friend
The Poison In Me pt.1
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail (part 2)
The Frequency
Short Story Series: My BFF sold her soul playing a Twitter game
I think I was Almost Abducted as a Child...
Bus 8
I let an innocent family die. This is my story.
We Never Knew What Happened To The Lost Crew of Project Atlantis, Until One of Them Turned Up, and He Had A Diary. We Almost Wish He Didn't. Part 1.
I held my breath for 43 minutes.
Sometimes when I fall asleep on my back with my arms on my stomach I wake up with pins and needles due.
One of Them
Tapping
The Men in the Bowler Hats, the Final Chapter... I Hope
I can’t see through the fog, nobody can, Part 1
My deadly encounter with my mother-in-law
His name is Zane Jenkins.
Everywhere Until The End Of Time
Behind the Mirrors
Team no sleep
can someone explain this
I Have The Power To Create Creatures By Thinking Of Them part 2
I used to tell myself stories to try and fall asleep
The Tea Master 2000 Whirlpool Plus
I'm doing my first Youtube Video
There is a path that never ends in the woods behind my house. I spent the night there. (Part 2)
Don't Interact With Build A Bears
My Daughter’s Mermaid Party (part 2):
Time to Sleep
She's been talking to me this whole time.
Where have all the Children Gone? (part 1)
They keep saying I’m just paranoid
What the hell was on that trail camera?
Da dog boss pt 2
Does anyone know how to get to East Woder Drive?
St Patrick's Day is a day that I'll never forget. I found my new purpose in life.
The Pink Stuff
The death of an emotion
Little Black Beads
Can anyone help with this?
I bought a new TV online. It came with disturbing rules. (Part 1)
Needles
Do Not Try Lotsa Lollies!
Sad suicide story
Nobody Will Wash Up on the Shore of Our Island Anymore.
I'm a mailman and my penis is made of cake
I was left to die in the forest. What I saw will haunt me forever
Kiah Cometh for Thee - Part One: The Jilting of Joe
Station 82, the radio station that was erased from history.
I Interviewed my Favorite Horror Writer about his most Controversial Story. What he said completely shocked me.(Part 2)
do you think it's worth spending money on hobbies?
I have a cat called Joan.
Gato extraño acosa ami gato
I woke up to a gunshot, and now my neighbourhood is destroyed
This happened 3 or so hours ago
a new town
I Got a Job Playing Pooka at the Mall This Christmas... And Now I Wish I Hadn't.
THE HOLY BIBLE 2.
The woman in the white dress.
I do under the table, shady jobs for people. You might say I'm a "problem solver." My most recent job was my last one for a while. Part 2
The previous tenant left a survival guide. Some families are more dysfunctional than others.
I didn’t ask for this...
The Creature in the Mirror
You won a free cruise!
He's a monster
The devil didn’t make me do it—he simply asked me to.
The Skinwalker Test
The gates of hell are in Arkansas
You wouldn't believe me if I told you the truth
A Tale of a Half-Emptied Horse
I Will Listen
My dream is making me go insanea
Bad Snow
Something followed me out of my dream last night.
The Flaw
I am a bus conductor and regret being one that night...
Found Journal - Pyramids of Giza
There's a stowaway on our fishing boat. I'm pretty sure he's not human.
I keep putting off going to the doctor
The Room With The Deadbolt
I'm Just Trying to Mow My Lawn
Contrary to Popular Belief You Don't Have To Wait 24 Hours To File A Missing Persons Report
The Journal of Dr J de Jager
I used to to see hooded figures in my dreams, they are back.
So my new workplace is haunted
A quick story that kind of just formed in my mind while I was painting
The Cave of Fear
The locals call it Kyat'ra or "". They say it returns every year and it is thirsty. Always thirsty. For blood and death. And that is why they stay away from the forest.
The galloping horse
The Wind Dancer
I Started Working for an Old Hotel as A Security Guard. An Old Guard Gave Me Just One Piece of Advice: "If you hear the band, ignore it."
My Time at the House on Rose Street (Part 2)
I’m Currently Living With My Brother Who Ingested My Sisters Flesh When He Was Eight Years Old (part 3)
Subject: Kostas Papanyatous
What is happening in this town? Read ahead for the beginning of your adventure.
It Just Rains
How To Care For Your Eye Worm.
A night terror I had a while ago may be becoming reality
I spotted something in my backyard.(Part 1)
Devil's Peak (1+2/?)
They called it the Witch House
The girl who spoke with moths
The adults all make sure we're asleep when curfew arrives. I finally found out why.
I'm changing
I haven't slept in seven years (Part 2)
They Don't Tell You These Things When You Sign Up For the Nightshift
You've been discovered
UNTITLED
Small town memories: Inland Hurricane
The Sounds Won’t Leave
I went home with a guy I met at the bar and it almost cost me my life
My son found something strange at the Palo Verde Nuclear Power Plant. Now it's in our house and I'm terrified.
How I Met My Beautiful Bride.
Imagery
I’m an actor in  and my castmates are no longer human.
Police Report No. 37 Missing Person (Part 1/3)
Scary Camping Story
I have blue eyes
My Strange Mother-In-Law Has Come Over to Visit
There is something seriously wrong with my little sister! (part 1)
When Mom left me home alone, I thought something bad was going to happen. The bad things didn't start until she returned. (Part 2/2)
Hollow Lanterns
Christine's Demon-How evil things started (part 1)
I murdered someone in my school and now I can’t escape it
Diary Belonging To Stephanie Austin
3 Reasons Why I'm No Longer a Motel Maid
My grandfather used to board up the windows once every week at midnight
Tap tap, who's there?
My Slenderman Experience
Every single passenger in this train is going to die.
Ever since Mr. Higgins died, there's been screaming.
There was something wrong about the photos I showed my dying mother
Sleepfall Chapter 1
Everyone have heard the City Or Town there was name Call Derrey Maine (Fictional story)
In The Lane They Glisten… The Children of Hemsby. I Can NEVER Leave Them. - Part 1
A Shadow in the Dark
I’m a drug dealer and you shouldn’t smoke what I’m selling
320 Degrees Fahrenheit
Dear Michael
A Deal's a Deal
There are creatures stalking me (Part One)The Ultraviolence. (pt.1)
I Finally Met My Guardian Angel
Something happened to me over the summer I can't explain
92.5 FM
Literal chills down the spine
floopy
The Time I Saw A Shadow Figure In My Window!!
Feed The Veg
petition to meme r/ nosleep
My Experiment with Polyphasic Sleeping...
I Didn't Push Her.
Sleep Aids Market Size Worth $79,851 Million Globally, by 2023
I've been gone for Four Hours. For me, It's been 12 years. (Part 2)
NoSleep Interview with Max-Voynich!
Something strange write me in tik-tok
I am only a mannequin...
We tour the country playing the devil's music. Last night he finally showed up.
The bug creatures, the things- they attacked us in our own home. I don't know how to kill them.
Do Not Let in the Mari Lwyd
One Heavy Breath
How I grew up to become what I am today!
The Last Road Trip. Part Two.
The Spinder
Can someone tell me (F22) what's going on and why? Trapped in nightmares...
My horrifying experience
Stories of The Rag ( Teaser )
I'm being stalked (Part 1)
The shadow man haunted me for a few weeks
Summer Rewind
I used to work in a call center and badgered people to sign up for things they didn’t need. I made a call the other day that I’ll never forget.
I LOOSE FAITH
Father Thomas
How were the Souls Caught in Kaal's Trap
Not all our patients are crazy: part 2
I'm a Special Forces rifleman. The house we raided had some serious weird shit going on in it.
Today I was late picking up my son from school
Don’t be a Wuss
Woman in Yellow Rags
The Forest 150m From My Front Door Step
Late night in the Morgue
Sanctuary
If this is a prank, it's a really stupid one
Memorial Avenue
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 8)
The Long Night
It was a nice dream, BUT I lost control please let me say Goodbye💙❤️🤍
They took our phones. Luckily I have two.
Operation Bushido - BREACH - Part 10
Fades
Tautological Infinitude
I joined a group of dangerous people, part 1
Join My Discord
I was at Glenmont metro, and someone asked me to kill him
Im Never Going Back to Disney World!
I found a Job on Craigslist, and now I’m regretting it.
I buried my father's diaries at two in the morning.
Something Kidnapped My Little Sister. I'm Coming for It.
You need to know...
did they or did they not
Whatever you do, don’t buy the new iPhone SE
It happened every night
"I just want to see her eyes"
We are the last real humans.
Bury A Friend
We ran an experiment to find out what happens to consciousness after death. I wish I could take it all back.
I remember the time that I met the director of nightmares
I Am My Neighbor’s Keeper
A new perspective
The big sleep.
Notepad: 6/3/2021
I found a Leaked Transmission from the future at NASA's website.
I'm okay...
We moved into a true house if horrors and now it won't let us leave ( Part 2 )
I Was Offered a Job (Part 1)
I created an AI to clean photo shopped images and came upon something terrifying (part 1)
Trendy Henry
I don’t take backroad shortcuts anymore. This is why.
Footprints in the Snow
I’m Wearing My Dad’s Fiancé’s Dead Son’s Jacket
I took a shortcut through some woods and now I can't get out.
I wish I would've cannibalized my twin in utero.
For sale: Antique water-saving bathtub. Make me an offer.
some childhood things I would like to get off my chest. i figures this was the best place.
The lies were too much..
My After-school Bus Drive Didn't Take Me Home
Help why can't I fall asleep
How Stress Can Cause Interference in Your Body’s Biological Functions?
The Sleepover Gone Mad (Language)
I found the hugest cockroach in my kitchen with us directly connected to my bedroom and I freaked out then came back to kill it and it has gone rogue. Now I can’t sleep.
I was almost abducted
My Will Be Done
My Apartment is Alive and It's Trapped Me Inside. Please Help
There's Something Not From This Earth Living in my Attic
He asked me about the wedding ring in March.
The Night is Following Us - A Ghost Month story
The Barking Wolfhound
I think my little brother is trying to kill me...
A job I wish I hadn't taken (Part 2)
Beware,Beware the player XxMortiumxX
I Got Lost on the Appalachian Trail, and for a Moment I Went . . . Somewhere Else
Life on the Borderline: A Malignant Narcissist's Descent into Madness
My Grandparents home used to be a safe place for immigrants to hide during the War, that is until the owner of the land found out... And he still doesn't like intruders in his house.
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Two
Transcripts of the Creepy: Andie Sanchez; Don’t touch the Ghost Flowers
The nightmare.NSFW
The 10th Mark
WEIRD TEXTS ⁉️
My boyfriend is roommates with his sister, but their relationship is tainted
That monster has been following me for years
Don't check the locks. Don't look at the door
A December To Remember
My Fiancé Has Had Some Trouble Sleeping
I'm an elevator repairman: My travelogue from hell and how I lost my hands to an escalator
I woke up in a strange place, now I can’t escape
rapr
I wish I hadn't
The cold woman
I loved beaches and now i know why. Im not fully human
This is a warning to stay away from 1,3-Lriptophene, or anyone that even whispers its name. (Part 1)A Man Kept Appearing To Me Everywhere. I Wish I Don't Pissed Him Off.
I torture People for the Russian Mafia; You May be Next
SKiNWALKER found in walmart? Gone sexual at 3:am 24 hour challenge ( not clickbait)
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Why I Don't Trust Men In Suits
The attack (3rd person)
In my town, the bigger you are the better you are. (Part 2)
They're always here, watching. You don’t know it, but we burn. We burn together.
The Pit (part 2)
Question about a story I wanna post here
The Killing House
I think I left my house through the wrong exit in the morning
The kid next door
The Lady of My Dreams
I just graduated from medical school, and this is the day that changed everything
Somebody stole our family camera, what should I do?
This’ll be my first post ever on Reddit I think. I used to use this site for video game stuff almost exclusively but now it’s the only place I feel can help me make sense of things.
The What If Man
Insanity Zero: Camp Pickleweed (Part two)
A Christmas wish gone wrong
Yeet
The Tooth Fairy
Blum b
I’ve always been afraid of clowns, and never understood why. Until today.
My mother is dead and I'm stuck in her house
My subdivision is in lockdown, and I know why
There’s a demon keeping me up at night
Don't Ever Mine At Night
My Brother's Spirit Wants Me Now
Dead Man Walking
Maison pour personnes agées
The Balloons in the Woods
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (part 3)
123
Asura - 001
I regret moving to Alaska (4)
I've been getting the same call over and over again... (Part 1)
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to videocall me, and I don't think there will be another
I am nothing
Blair Witch + Chernobyl = The Pripyat Ghosts
The beast came from the sky
I’m Never Swimming in the Quarry Again
Anybody else get ringing in their ears randomly?
Is my cat acting weird?
Childhood town Chapter 1: Valley street
I’m stranded on Mars Part 2 (Ending)
This may be the last log you find, Jennifer Lee.
A large, tall man stalks the villages here at night. He is the Apshi, and it is a folktales you won't find in any book.
I'm Lawrence.
I am of my mother
(Part 4) I'm a cable guy in the world's creepiest little town, Hollow's End.. (Final)
The Wind doesn't Whisper in the Trees
CheerBleeder
The Lift Man
In god's machine: Part one - Clockwork
Tick Tock Mr clock
Something Strange Happened on My Way to Work
Old Vegas - The Bathhouse
I’m A Detective; I think I found something I shouldn’t haveI’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to make sure they get convicted. Final Part.
A man staring through the window, a dream or not.
What's Buried In The Pines
Don’t open the door after 1pm
I have a parasite that should not exist, and it desperately wants to get out.
My tiny town just got put in lock down - part five
00:05 making food and hear..
Jenny did it
You’re Never Too Far from Hell
He just wanted one single chance
young love
Traffic stop for a warrant turned into something bad
Why I don’t like Fireplaces anymore
Ị̶̶̢͇̜̝͈͍̙̣̥̈͐͢͠ ̸̶̸̭͇̣̱̯̤̱̠͍̘͂ͮ̓̈́ͪ̋̂͟҉҉́͡ą̸̗̤͎͍̰̳̗͕̝̰̘̠̭̦ͮ̾̽͑͝͝͝͝͞͡͝҉̷̡͘͘͘͠͡m̵̵̢ͫ͒́͏̧ ̶̵̷̵̢̢̛̭̺̙̲̫̼͈͙̻̠̤̩̑̓̋̄̀̀́͘͢͜͡͝͞͞͡ͅh̨̡̝͚͎̦̦̱̫͇̪̜̔͛̏̑͋̒͑ͤͪ͋̄̏̂̎̇̿̀̚͢͏̴̶̴̶̡̛̕͟͠͞e̢̱̲͉̤̲̭̳͈̮͈̻̘̙̩̳̰̭̥͖̒̏ͤ̐͂̓͑̄ͯ̈̃͏̧̨̛́́͘͘͢r̸̟̹̺͔̙͖͈̱͖̪̟̩̯͐̍͒̌ͯ̅ͮ͑̍ͦ̂́́͜͜͟͞ͅ͏҉͞ȩ̷̶̷̪͇̲̱̭͈̟͎̜͇̹͚̟̱͉͚͉ͤ͗̿̽ͬ̌
It smells like grilled pork chops
In the woods.
Mom was strange, but now I suspect I didn’t know how much
My dog is acting strange, some tips would help if you can.
My town has a horrible secret, and it all begins with a test (Part 2)
Someone in My Room
Now this is a scary website.
Please help?
Loud Sounds at Night Terrify Me Now Part 1
Hello. My name is Jack Sekic. I think I am developing superhuman powers as we speak. I also think an evil organization called Crimson Web is trying to cover this all up.
I know why we never returned to the Moon
I'm sorry.
I have these really fucked dreams
The Thing
(Part 1) My friend's mom raped me at a sleepover
my neighbor is weird
a small chat with a killer
Cruel Symposium
Delight Airlines.
My Uncle Jay told me about the time he was terrorized by a man while staying in a cabin
It's probably too late
Sunshine Academy
Something followed me from the morgue. Part 2
Never Go Through the Woods
Its almost been a year since my best friend threatened my life (real events)
Walking in the Woods
The creatures that lay beneath the ice
My Cysts Are Becoming a Problem
A metal boat and a girl
I Want to Lie But You're Better than I am, But I Take, You Kill
When the storm comes. Please. Don’t look outside your window.
A Game of Chance
I was sent to find a missing person in Yellowstone National Park, but what I found shouldn't be biological possible
Society of the Divine Dragon, part 2
Sleepless death
I get abducted my aliens EVERY night. 👽
Never backpacking again
My Suicide NoteHunting the Third Parent
The knightI'm moving to another city in two days, there are some really strange rules
Curtain twitchers Part 1
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
It comes at midnight
The screaming from the abandoned house.
I couldn’t turn around
I need advice (continued)
A person goes missing every time the lights flicker. But is isn't the light.
I’m a new actor at a Wild West model town. We went deeper into the mines.
I hate shapeshifters...
"Date"
The Tower
I made a friend today.
Me
Do all the 2020 pumpkins have weird creepy legs or just mine?
She Wants Me Dead
I can't bring myself to go the back porch at night anymore.
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 6)
She won’t leave.
Don’t let them find you.
I Think There's Something Wrong With The Tour Guide at The Local Museum
My ex-boyfriend thought he killed me, I killed him instead
The Girl On My Bus
My family has been the caretakers of the Brercalf children for years. Eventually, I'll have to slay my charges
I think I might be allergic to spiders
10 Years ago I survived an airplane crash. What I saw there scarred me for the rest of my life - Day 2
Something is wrong with my fire stick
Walt Disney World Part 1: The Reboot
My friends and i tried to save some animals from being used as test subjects and now I'm scared I've released something horrible.
Just use tape
My dad always told me: don't mess with the woods. And I listen to it now
The excursion into the world beyond Part 2
Don't Look Away
She isn't what you think she is
I think someone tried poisoning my dog.
i cant sleep.
Was it a ghost...or something else?
I was attacked by a Witch.
The show.
I don't think I'm safe in my apartment. (Part 1)
It Watches Me Sleep
My Dead Friend Messaged Me The Day After She Died.
It’s not my time.
(Series) The Mysterious Death of Nickui Rameu 1
H̴̨̧̡̡̢̛̼̼̘̭̖̠̯͈̦̪̱̦͓̫͓̗͔̩͉̣̳͈̦̜̝͈̜̖̲̮̠̰͕̩̥̖͈̗͈̥̉́̋̊͌͛̔̓̐̔̂̒̽͂͑̋̓̋̽̀̓̎͆̈͐̉̀́̉͒̿̉͒͋̈́̆̅͂̅̿̑̑̅̏͋͑͌̀̇̂̓͌̾̔̿͐̑̃̎̈́̄̌̇́̄̌͂̅̊̿̽̚͝͝͝͠ͅ3̸̨̢̛̝̼̺̱̭͎̣̮͍̼̯̹̘̰͙̼͇̼̭̺̗̻̙͕͕̟̟̖̳͖͉̦͔̲͔͙̮̇͑̒̋̀͗̌̀̒́̍̓̿̽̑̽͋̔͊͛͛͋̀͒͐̊̓̋̅͒̔̓͂̉̽͐̿͛̊̐̆̈́̈́̀̓̔̽̈́̂͌͘͘͘̕͜͜͜͝͝͝lp
I Am Haunted. Chapter One
I hate being home alone.
The figure with the red eyes
Welcome to Moxcliff Manor • PART II
Mythical Creatures like Weed
Gas station nightmare
I met an old man who no longer remembers his name
My niece has an imaginary "friend" and I think it's not human nor a ghost
Lucy
My dad vanished when I was nine. He's just returned -- eight years later. And he's changed. A lot.
We Need To Talk
What Makes a Monster?
I found a strange VHS tape in a thrift store
My Ex E-Girlfriend and her Strange relationship with her Family
Is anyone there?
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules.
Littlefootxx
I Saw It With My Telephoto Lens
Don't Play With Marbles
I tried to kill myself, and entered the realm between Eternities.
Misophonia
My brother is missing, please send help
I Saw A Human Face In The Jack O’Lantern
Heard a flute playing in the middle of the night.
A Warning to those that Ignore the Nosleep Blackout
We found an unchartes island in the middle of the Arctic Ocean and now we're stranded here (part 2)
I Swear, I'll Never F*ck with the Woods Again
I really enjoy getting high and going on a nice long drive
Stories from a line cook part 7
Hey guyss (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞
HE WATCHES YOU
Every year I reread my favorite novel—IT by Stephen King. For three years, I knew what to expect, and the book was as enjoyable as ever. Five years ago, that changed. This first post details the first year things...changed.
A Black Door in Ostra 1
The Glowing Lake
Please help, I'm scared
Somebody left an old TV on my porch, it contained a horrible secret.
I woke up in an abandoned hotel, and I don’t think I’m alone.
The Attack of the Dead Men
"Disgruntled Employee"
Cold, Hollow Nights
I got offered 3,000 € to look after some cats for a night
Taken (Part 1)
Where it all began... ( Ep.1 )
Home Renovations
I found out the truth of religion
Darkroom
My friend in the forest
The Garden Of Silence
I Used to Work in Retail. There Was One Customer There That No-One Wanted to Help .
I think I might’ve hurt someone... I need advice please!
Did I have a dream? Or was that Reality?
The Most Beautiful Girl I've Never Seen
It's always fun showing new admits the ropes.
The Midnight game ( let me know if you'd like to see this as a movie and want more added on )
I have lived in the woods my whole life. They are not meant for people. (Part 1)
I couldn't dash to the door quick enough
The Jeep repo
Why the motto is "everything is real here, even if its not"
Suicide noteI work in the TV gallery
When time goes backwards, the midnight black monster attacks Part 1
I had one of the most terrifying nightmares escaping The Backrooms
My terrifying dream.
When I was 5
The Wonderful Works of Nikolay the Wonderful
3 strange men followed me in the supermarket, and then all the way to my car...
My first stab (pun :3) at horror writing. Welcome to  Boarding School.
How do I get my roommates to stop laughing?
Clown and Clunker
I think something is living in the basement
I love hunting season. Its finally here
I got AirPods and I regret it now.
THE GOAT MAN
I wish I hadn't made a wish
Ghost Bust Her's
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 2)
Have you heard the beep?
I'm an elevator repairman. Here is Rule #3 - Never step inside without looking
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station
I took a trip to Troller's Gill in the UK.. I didn't find what i presumed i would....
I can watch over your children at night (819-***-****)
My Dead Friend Keeps Showing Up In My Photos
My morning commute did not go as planned
Encounter that turned my night in to hell
Knocking window. R/nosleep
How I Met My Best Friend (Part 2)
I'm a good person
I had a VERY obscure dream last night and don't know what to think of it..
A strange man appeared in my house yesterday. I'm not even sure God can help me now.
"The Rails"
The Queen of the Inner Suburbs
𝗵𝗼𝘄 𝘁𝗼 𝗸𝗻𝗼𝘄 𝗶𝗳 𝘆𝗼𝘂'𝗿𝗲 𝗯𝗼𝗿𝗻 𝗳𝗿𝗼𝗺 𝗰𝗵𝗮𝗼𝘀 : 𝗮𝗻 𝗼𝘃𝗲𝗿𝘃𝗶𝗲𝘄 𝘁𝗼 𝘀𝘆𝗺𝗽𝘁𝗼𝗺𝘀 𝗶, 𝗶𝗶, 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗶𝗶𝗶.
How my writer's block almost got me killed
I had the same nightmare for two weeks, i now know what it meant
There's A Little Girl At My Door
She Was Eating Her Own Flesh..
The woman in the white dress
On a recent business trip to L.A I acquired a strange addiction
That Day On The Ocean
I dreamt of a ghost living in my dressing room for 3 consecutive nights.
My neighborhood has been acting strange. I wish I didn't find out why.
Today's the Day
I’m a doctor who specializes in strange medical cases. This one is my strangest yet.
Cuilensville
Go ahead. Make this post. Nobody will help you.
My girlfriend is a psychopath and she's ruining my life
I accidentally double-booked a Valentine's date with my wife and my mistress.
I have always had an irrational fear of water--Part 2. I don't think I'm entirely safe.
Things Darker Than Man (PART 2)
It Pulls You Down. Part Four.
"I Got Sores"
How I spent my summer tutoring kids at Indigo Courts &amp; the dark secrets I learned within- part 4
The bleeding house reupload
If you live in Texas, Do NOT press the “Seek” button on your radio at night. (Part 2)
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
Trigger warning and NSFW at one point.
I Found The Journals Of A Man Claiming To Be An Old West Time Traveler (Part 1)
I lost my sister to a dream
The same little boy
The Friend in the Closet
A Guide from A Monster Hunter Part IV
There is motion at your Front Door.
A shadow consumes at wit's end
The Mysteries and Murders and Error Hill Road (Part 3)
The Pain and Confusion
I’m a Slasher
I hate driving at night
I'm being chased and I can help you get out.
Haunted campsite
In the walls (part one?)
The Bloody Communist Tunnel, Part l, The Discovery
The thing in the corner.
I can see the lives of the animals I eat
onion
I bought the only $75 flashlight at Walmart, but it came with a controversial list of rules.
نداء الوطن - أستاذ هندسة البترول يوضح حقيقة استيراد الغاز من إسرائيل.. فيديو
The Missing Boy
They smell like bacon and pancakes.
The Forgotten
I found something strange in a bunker from The Spanish Civil War
The voice in my head wants me to do something
Lost in the Catacombs
THE EMERALD TABLE : WHAT SECRETS DOES IT HIDE.
My reflection is going to kill me.
So this is my first post here
Don’t look at a mall’s overnight security cameras
She didn't remember me, just one post. I'm sad right now.
I need advice.
The Mask I Made Scared People Unconscious
The Eaves
I went camping with my friends's recently, but I couldn't sleep because of a noise.
When the sunset and never came up.
My stalker kidnapped my daughter....
Cops of Reddit, what is the scariest call you responded to?
THIS IS NOT A JOKE - THE LITERAL FAERIE IS REAL
I've lost part of my soul.
The Longest Winter
I found a cursed journal in my new house and I'm not supposed to read it alone (Part 1)
RokwandiaRadio Pt.1: I think the bells keep it away.
Tales from Saint Martin's Land
I Don't Believe in Ghosts
Something was knocking on my door.
The second worst date I've had so far as it happened, or what I like to call, A Tad Of Terror
I am a serial killer and nobody knows who I am
The handle moved.
The silence
The Voices In Your Head
Digital Marketing Agency: I will do Instagram marketing organic grow
I feel it lurking...
THE MANOR: Part 1
The Hybrid Experiment
The Groundskeeper
Them,
A friend showed me a voice in the ground
Treehouse
How To Haunt Your Own House (A Step-By-Step Guide)
A Season to Dismember
My Friend Could Have Died!!
Ship of Theseus
STAINED parts 1+2/4I'm a worker at area 51, here's what to expect.
Something is wrong with the birds
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes
Haunting white entity.
I think The Granny Tree is sentient
The Kid Sitting On The Light Post
I’m Farmer Ray, and today I had to figure out where the Ectoplasm in my bedroom came from
The homeless people in my city are disappearing, and nobody else remembers them
The strangers at my door are out to get me
There's something in my house, but I don't know what it is.
My grandmother forces all her house guests to follow a strange set of rules.
I kissed a frog. It didn’t go as expected
False Prophet Levitating on Highway 10
I keep hearing guitar sounds in the middle of the nightThe Beast/ La Bestia
I collect nude photos and videos of girls. Here's what made me stop. (Proxy)
I can't escape this game
Lose weight the easy way
I run an Air BnB, it’s free, but I have some rules that may seem a bit unusual. (Part 2) (Q and A)
I work for a secret organisation that captures paranormal "Subjects". I - The Angel and The Bats.
He just wanted to talk.
how fortnite ruined my life
I'm a Body-hopper But, Also a Parasite
My dark tourist adventure to Russia's Cannibal Island.  Day 2.
I lived through Interstellar
Where am I
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed in my Hometown (pt.3 Final)
Tips on dealing with estate sale?
The Black Dog Murders
There's A Man In The Nursery Closet
My bed companion...
I wanted aventure. Now I'm stuck in a demon's game. Day 1 Part 2
Alone in Merom Indiana
I Met a Monster...
I think there's a demon in my youth group.
I ordered a Red Magic book, this led to the military quarantine of Louisiana.
The Water Nymph
My body is in my bathtub.
There's a reason I no longer have long hair....
The Hideaway Place: Part I
I took LSD, and crossed into Hell NSFW
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Nine)
Atomic Death and Taxes
The Halloween Dance No One Forgot…or left (Part 2)
Why I leave food in my room's corner
The night time creep
'Something' has been residing in my body for a long time. I got a text from an unknown number telling me what I have to do to discard of it. I don't know who to talk to about this.
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 8
I'm Suicidal, But I Cant Kill Myself
There is no ¨I¨ in Death
The Beast that Haunts Me: Part One
The world ended last night and nobody remembers (Part 2)
Strange Tales From An Island Hospital
My sleep... things
I really didn't want to baby sit anymore
Where there is water, there is life. I can hear it in the pipes.
One monster for another Part 1
There is something really strange happening in our house
Stuck in a lift for over three days with my cat.
My dead grandpa's visits.
I took a Expedition to the wilderness of the Himalayas and there’s something I need to talk about
My Family
Maggie is trying to kill me
White Elephant
Between the Boxes - Reap What You Sow
Armed men surrounded my house, but that is the least of my problems.
Everyone on my flight, and the plane, is frozen in air
We buried the only key with my sister. Now her old room is locked from the inside.
True Ghost Story of Woman in White Dress
Please help me. I've been kidnapped to Finland or near it.
I Think My Sister is Trying to Kill the President of Mexico
I scuba diver once, now I will never scuba dive again..
I never believed in Friday the 13th nonsense... but now I’ll forever fear the date.
Dream Eater
They're in the Vents
My grandmother was scared of me.
Everytime I die the day starts over
Polybious
the cow hill
I Performed the Lacuna Procedure - I'm Sorry
Top 5 SCARY GHOST videos you won't watch at night || Real ghost videos which can affect your sleep ||
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. It’s time you heard mine.
Halfway Down the Stairs
It was I who did it.
Up and bored
I think we messed up the elevator ritual (part 4)
The Boyfriend
The Goatman in the mountains?
My Mother has a new stalker.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Lingerie for Women Sexy Women Lingerie,New Sexy Plus Size Lingerie Bodysuit Sleepwear Bodydoll Underwear by Wokasun.JJ
I have this fear. Until last night, I thought it was irrational.
The Hot Ghost
I thought my son’s fourth grade teacher was abusing him. The truth was so much worse.
A story i made for school
A Creature Beyond My Window
Please let me sleep
I hate this part of my life...
My Mother Wasn't A Superhero
I have a presentation in a few hours where I have to read/ act out a story for my class. It’s expected to be 2.5-3 minutes, throw the best stories you’ve seen my way please!
The Woods Are Lovely, Dark, and Deep
ATLAS
There's Someone in the Walls
I babysat two kids one night, and this is what happened
Mr. Henderson has been acting strange
Immortality and covid-19
We are god , and it's hell.
Target Maniac
We are not alone here
Sometimes i hope shit gets better, but does it really?
The mirror game
I Thought I Was Nobody (Part 1)
My strange apartment complex
The itch
The Strange Book
The Days Are Getting Longer
The sickening
Amiel Volunteer Fire Company: Now hiring new EMTs
The Seance Changed Jason Beyond Recognition.
Seal the Well
Red dot = Death, Green dot = Live
The biggest mistake of my life.
day 7
Something has been floating amongst the clouds above my town
I can see things in mirrors
YOU LIVE IN A SIM MOFOS!
Fears
It came from the fields. And it made them a part of it.
Please help. What am I?
Babysitting Nightmare!
Mirrorverse
A parting gift.
marty had the strangest way of proving where he was all of the time
I have a "paranormal photo" and I would like to know if it is real or edited. Someone can help me?
Witness Identification
My favourite girl band is sending me secret messages (part 1)
Disturbing deep web video
My last game of hide-and-seek went wrong, I'll never forget what happened after.
You, uh, ever heard of this game called Maxwell’s Demon Door? Part II
I used to work at a haunted house, I’ll never forget my last shift
There's a ghost in my apartment.. (Part 3 - Final)
Nervous disorders Medication - Sery Capsule
Humanity's Secret War
Encounter over London
SuperMarket Memoirs 12: Flashback
Infant Limp, 1963
Do you believe in Anunnaki?
I’m a former police officer. There’s one call my partner and I took that I’ll never forget.
The drug experiment (final)
A report on the film "Becoming, Slowly"
Don't Play The Hangman Game (Part 5)
The School Trip
The Mountain Craves Children
I Played the Elevator Game...
I Finally Met My Childhood Friend in Person. It Did Not Go As Expected.
I have a plan to take down the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
What Happened With Penelope
The Wrath of The Long Dark Forest
I'm a rich, powerful person and I know exactly what has been going on this year.
It won't leave
Barbie and Ken, a modern love story
shhh...there is someone hiding in your closet
It Called To Me, Part Two
The body
I’m a Sonic car hop, but I keep the speaker live after people order.
You always stay indoors in the night town
My grandmother died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. We just discovered a secret she had hidden from us for two decades
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (part two)
I'm a government expariment on the run, please I need help
If your thinking about commiting suicide don't you might turn into a vampire and have your horrible problems for all eternity.
The World of White
My Best Friend Died, Lived, and Died Again. Or Did He?
Something Talks To Me Behind The Wall At Night
2nd week of college classes have me like.
Should We Move?
The Reason Why I Will Never Go To A Hospital Ever Again
My Friend, the Preternatural Counsellor - Our First Meeting
I was a janitor working night shifts
Hailing Cove.
Some weird stuff has been happening in my town.
I met a man who couldn't stop moving.
Dear, Emily
theirs something in the woods
There's Something Lurking in the Hot Springs, Pictures Included
5. My Kid Summoned A Demon, And Things Are Getting More Emotional Than I’d Like
I Wrote About Something Evil, And Now It’s Come Looking for Me….
Room 1901: You Can Never Leave
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job
The Knife
Truly Dead By: TheAviatorDude1116
Small town happenings (Part 1)
A statue at the British Museum made a an disappear
32 Fridges
If you ever think that fantasizing about something couldn’t become real, you’re wrong.
I think something took my wife, I don't know what it is-part 1
My parents is the reason why I’m a murderer.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Limsea ❤ Women Ladies Fashion Gingham Pointed Toe Loafers Casual Singles Canvas Shoes
The Deep Calls To Me, But I Can No Longer Answer
Author of the Week!
The truth of what happened to the Ranger
I can’t tell anyone what I saw anymore, and it won’t leave me.
Something seriously wrong is going on at my school. These are the weird new rules they want us to follow.
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 10) - Final
Sombra Caves
My brother in law was followed while out small game hunting
Every night when I fall asleep, I am forced to be awake in an alternate universe. I'm so exhausted.
**WARNING:PLEASE READ THESE RULES BEFORE YOU DIE** (part 1)
It's All For The Best
My daughter's first words (Part 4)
My moms best friend killed her
My Grandfather is a Veteran of a War That Hasn't Happened — Yet... (Pt. 1)
My sleep paralysis demon might never leave me...
The Town
I opend a package that wasnt for me and it might cost my life.
I think I know why people avoid public restrooms in the building I work at
I have a dead neighbor who still receives letters (Part 1)
The Forest Gate (Part 1)
r/NOSLEEP BITCH
My Doll's Skin Is Too Soft To Be Fake
The shimmering statue
I'm a monster hunter. Part.1 : the town that silently screams
Pigface - Mass Hysteria
I dream of worms
JESUS-FUCK! This new drug is GOOD... but what are these GODDAMN Lizard-People?
Don't Be Afraid
I ordered Nicolas Comics, I shouldn't have
I think it's a little too late for help. For what seems like an eternity I have ridden this bus, but of course, every journey must come to an end...
An old guy hired me to manage his life-sized dollhouse, and now it’s time to face him at Blood Rock.
Strange sounds in the woods compilation 0,o
The God in the living room
I looked after my neighbors “pet”
Mr. Chatter Would Love To Tailor You
I’ve been stalking young women weekly for three years, but I think the tables have turned
And I am in a Cage. Part 2 of 2.
There's a house you must avoid going near at all costs. My friend and I broke in and discovered why.
I can't go back to Virginia. It helps me remember.
My tulpa turned on me.
I lost a tooth four years ago and now something else is replacing it
I SAW SOMETHING OUTSIDE THE WINDOW NOW WHATEVER IT IS NOW IS STALKING ME... 1#
The Man who followed me
Between The Boxes - The Powers That Be
My Journal - The Beginning, I guess
I was asked to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit horrified at what I saw. (Final)
What happened to my best friend?
We have a new friend
This journal was discovered with the charred remains of 19 bodies. This is the account of Kevin Audrey's encounter with Private Shawn Mcgrassy.
I shouldnt be here.
My dad refuses to use his hearing aid
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me.
My "me too" moment while hitchhiking
Tooth Fairy “my first story”
I am going to tell a simple story about Christmas. With a bit of identity fraud. My wife and I had our identities stolen 9 days before Christmas. This is our story.
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 3 - The Kothepo
Into the Fire (Burn Before Reading Part 2)
Nearly Every Culture in History Has Burial Rites Meant to keep the Dead from Rising Again
Have you already decided how you're going to die.
Deadman's Vessel
I've had the same Nickelback song stuck in my head for seven months...
The Bright Red Door
Somethings at this house. (PT.1)
I inherited a cabin in the woods and something is hunting me
Deep down, I know who’s guilty
Never house sitting my friends place again
Somthing had eaten my two friends... But i dont know what it was
The Taylor Swift Theory
It, Is. Everywhere.
The ice cream man
I Keep Telling Myself It's Only a Story...
In my old town, they said devils walked among men on the streets. today, one arrived at my doorstep.
The Easter Bunny
There's something very wrong with this girl that sings down my local club
A newly broken silence.
If you purchased our glow-in-the-dark pumpkins, we’d like to offer a full refund. But please don’t bring them back, and if you figure out how to destroy them, let us know
Why I'll Never Volunteer Again
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – The Final Part
I bought a vr suit. Now I’m scared for my life.
There’s something wrong with my body, but I’m terrified that it’s too late to fix
I was payed 700 dollars to stay the night in a house.. I soon found why.(Moved from old post “Dont fall asleep”)
I’ve been hired to kill myself.
Warning in a Bottle
Green Eyes
The rules I wrote
I'm a 20 year old journalist in a zombie post apocalypse. Part 1: Karma
The Spot on the Wall
I didn't follow the rules and now I think I'm bleeding out
Something strange happened in my brother in laws house a year and half ago...
I clicked the 16th link and I regret it every day...
I took a job I shouldn't have. Now I can't quit. *Part 2*
I’m Never Working Late Shifts Again
Welcome to Ash Springs
The Last One of Them All.
Lab Experiment
Gozu
The Criophorus Antique and Oddities Shop
Hells Gatekeeper part 2
Correcting survival myths, by a monster hunter.
Small Town Tales Part Two
Don't go cave diving with amateurs
My uncle met the Grey Man at Lost Lake
Things are changing back home
Record 3: There was never a fighting chance
I'm Going to Be Just Like Her if I Don't Let Her Kill Me First
Grandma's house had a lot of rules. I just broke some of them.
It won't stop coming out. (Part 1)
Patrol Sergeant for Bishop Police Department conducting a business check
Took Xans and Slept at 8 PM
I'm quite certain I met Death in a dark alleyway. He showed me something terrible.
Don't go Christmas tree hunting after dark in northern Canada
I worked at an Amazon Fulfillment Center. I am left praying for my life.
The Woods are more dangerous than ever, because of Mr. Babi
Just out of sight
I created time travel, but not as you think
My computer was making weird noises one night, I decided to investigate.
Isle of Screens
Just me alone on my night shift, plus a horror movie.
I Apparently Have a Ghost Trying to Haunt Me - Advice? Part 4
17
The little girl in the window
The Piano Man - Part 2
You need to know.
My dreams come true
Someone/thing broke into my apartment, saw me, and left
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win 1 million dollars – Meet Mr. Tanaka and the other participants
She takes kids out of class, one by one. And then there's a silence. And a scream. And they don't come back. And I think I'm next...
It has red eyes
Please help me find out what happened to my girlfriend.
My name is Michael Kroenos, and my new co worker isn't human.
I let a woman eat for free at my restaurant last night. It was the best decision I ever made.
We should never have left the Eden Retreat
Mister Bed Bug
There Is A New Drug In Town Part 2
An Ocean Full Of Nightmares.
The Spine Crawler (part 2)
2004 GEEF100
I was trapped in the Tiger Pit.
The legend of death
My first paranormal experience!!
scary skinwalker encounter
My Dad has been in the Union Pacific for nearly 20 years. Here are some of his stories.
My beautiful boy
The Day I Died
Devil Horn Mushrooms  (final)
I’m A Vampire and I Investigate the Supernatural. I've Seen Horrors That You People Wouldn't Believe
I need to get out of my house, fast
I recovered some strange recordings and here's what they say
I Sacrifice Children On Behalf Of The United States Government
Do not walk on the Boulevard of Death.
The Entity In My Home Saved My Life
Dream Chronicles (Part One)
Who am I ?
How It Ends
The Dream Paradox
The Dollhouse, Part III
The Empty Man - A Short Story
The Notebook
I Thought Survival Lists were Bullshit until I Got One Myself
My house is haunted and the ghost is friendly .+my the weird toy
The Doll People
I lived with my father in his lab. I might not be the only promising child of his.
A Completely Normal Illinois Bus Experience
I’m A Cop And Something Strange Is Going On In My Town
The Face in the Camera
If you get a song stuck in your head, ask yourself where it came from
A Selfish Stroll
The Creature of Lake Fazon
Pack of Rats
It lurks
The Beast of Thirskmoor (Part One)
Theres something in my house. Its on my door.
The Whales of the Well
First attempt at a story! Pls don't judge me too hard
I teach an online course in death investigation. One of my students might be a serial killer.
Last Year, I Stepped Into a Puddle and Fell Through
The Last Midnight Run
https://youtu.be/q3plCs8ms24
I think an island I visited on Animal Crossing is actually cursed.
Happy Thanksgiving
The Hallways of the Mind
Does a slight across the throat(thin enough)feel the same as their sliced across the rest
My Panic diary
I might’ve saw something I shouldn’t have
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 4: The Black Magic Virus
The Places in the Philippines You Should Never Travel To
I Hunt Dimensional Intruders On Behalf Of The United States Government
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor Part 5
I watched my own suicide.
I have been warned of the presence my entire life. Now that I finally know why, I wish I didn't. (Part 1)
The Great Disappearing
I was bitten by a creature in the woods and now I keep having dreams of a man killing me.
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 9
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here UPDATE 2
A Conservative Christmas Story
I worked at a hotel with a very specific set of rules
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people. Part 3.
A teenage girl disappeared in the forest. We found two of her
Squidwards last stand
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – To Catch a Spirit (part 7)
Howl
Some rooms were never meant to be discovered.
a story from my beloved mother
Little bird, Little bird Part 3 final.
“Fred” The Hoodie Man
A Link To The Spooky Stories
Advice from the end of eternity...
I found my twin sister, now I don't know how much longer I have left to live.
this is very short please take some time to read it
Halloween Reaper
The Carousel
I Don't Think My Body Is My Own Anymore
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Four
The Mystery of the illustrious (part 1)
The Pact - part one
I Bought a Wife Online (pt3) FINAL
If You See Graffiti Reading FOR A GOOD TIME, CALL:, Then Follow this Rule of the Road, Part 2 and finale
I don’t trust my orange juice.
Theres something seriously wrong with my little sister! (part 1)
The clock in my room
Waterborne
THE BEGINNINGI forgot to break up with Eddie. Was I supposed to?
Somethings wrong with a member in my discord server
Alaskan Guide, Trapper, and Monster Hunter
The Thing in the Corner of the Room Part 1
Apricot Park - Part 1: Friends of Tommy by Aleister Mycroft
is anyone there?
The doorway in the desert
I found a camera on my farm.
Night Driving
I Know Why KiK is Really Shutting Down
Some People Never Leave Their Homes: Recount of Two Recent Dreams
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 15)
I had an operation in Serbia.
A diary of benevolence
I need you help, please!! ^w^
There's a monster in my eyes.
Please... keep off the grass.
My camping trip gone wrong
Vampires Poop. Apparently.
If I Leave, I Will Die
All good lesbians
A Stone Cube
I read my father's journals, and to keep myself from going insane, I have to build... A "mind palace?"
Uni
If I Hurt Myself, Someone Else Suffers.
Fighting against the wicked PART 1
They're Close (Part 2)
Tattoos Banned In Heaven AND Hell, Says Scientist.
Don’t work at the North Peak Hotel. I did. . . and now I have to live with that mistake.
Koreena
I’m in the worlds biggest beauty pageant, but something feels suspicious... (part 1)
Not Again.
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules (part 2)
The Girl, the Dog, the Window, and the Painting
He Was Always Therr
My Mind Is Not Mine Anymore
Dr.Marilyn Monroe. Erotic Dance Art. Marilyn Original Soul New Body. Hollywood Reincarnate. Full Body Soul Investigation
My mom brought home a tape recorder... and it sounds like my dead dad's voice
the break in
The cave underwater
When your reflection is just slightly off
Part 4. My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
The Diary Of A Corpse Near Black dog Lake
I went to the astral plane, I didn't come back alone
I should have gotten rid of it then
I am being held captive in another dimension (Pt 1)
There's a werewolf in my town. I didn't believe in it until recently.
You Have One New Message
The Caffeine Wyrm (Part 1)
Dr. Beckett's Morinthal Journal - Deciphered
I work for the local pound. Something came out of the basement and it’s terrifying.
I think I've discovered an alternative reality... and it's not a good sign.
There's something in my house...and i know why its here - part 3
I hate living with my sister
The creature from the cave in the woods; Now the creature lurking in my home
The Truth of COVID-19
Girlfriend troubles. Need help to not feel weak anymore.
There's a man at the end of Castle Drive...for God's sake don't go looking for him!
The Difference Between
Why I hate windows at nighttime
I Beat.... A Game?
Skin crawler
Until Recently, I've Envied You, Humanity
There's something in my house...and i know why its here - part 4
A Friendly Midnight Meeting
If your bedroom door doesn't lock, it might be time to invest in new doorknobs
STATIC (Part Two)
My teacher stalked and Kidnapped me:
Guys this is serious I swear
Strange camping
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House
I know the Real Reason why we left Vietnam (Part 1)
The Sun Is Gone?
There's something dangerous here. (3)
The Escape (Part 1)
I run a museum of cursed objects. Let me tell you about the Nokia room.Happy birthday to me... Twice
I die countless times everyday and I will never be able to make it stop.
The locks in my house keep unlocking themselves.
I am alone, but I'm not
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age ten, I met who she had hoped to protect me against.
Compliment
The Dead Are Outside My window
I am an ex-SCP agent , I created my own foundation after a big problematic incident that affected lots of people
She's going to kill me.
Uber Woes
porcelain woman
So close...
Just wanted to remind you guys that mods deleted the evil baby story from u/jordancampbell
I think my Uber was apart of a cult.
How to understand what your cat is saying to you
They're The Crazy Ones
The Room With Never Ending Darkness
The chilling story of the Sodder family
Help Me, Father
My trip to florida
The Silver Vultures
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human.
Backrooms
Black tar animatronics
My Girlfriend Got Lost Playing The Hooded Man Ritual. I Went To Get Her Back
TLDR
I'm hiding a secret that could kill me
Meeting the Other
My Sister's Dreams Would've Brought On the Apocalypse If I Hadn't Cut Out Her Brain
Where is it?
The great disappearance of Lothny Creek
The buried baby (reupload, fixed)
Skip this nosleep story
dfd
We just flew over Vegas, well we were supposed to
Camp Wanahee (Part 7)
Hello!
I’m stuck in a endless train.
A Flaming Spear Jammed Into My Back
In 1968
Hana
they’re back
The Game of Escalations
I’m a contestant in this year’s Miss World contest - there are some psycho bitches in this pageant ...
Stay away from the Yukon River
😴 24/7 Rain sounds for sleeping, Meditation,Sleep Music,Thunderstorms, M...
An ending.
The Man on the Roof Across the Street
My birthday
I can feel it when someone dies
Coffee Boy
The girl next door
Night Terror/Sleep Paralysis suffers you ever bee choked in a terror or paralysis and it hurt
LOEYLANE MADE MY COMPUTER CRASH??!?
The Old Man and the Sea
know a disturbing thing America did during world war 2
Mom
Interview 69740: Frosty The Snowman Kidnapping
The Sniffer
I won't work at a stores that are 24/7 anymore
Old War Stories

I’ve died and been to hell and it’s not at all what you think( part one)
My cat
Morphine Revelations
I have serious depression and I want to kill myself everyday haha
The Monday after the winter break sucks ALOT more than anticipated
I had a test today
The Angel: A Daughter’s Love
Station 82, the missing radio station.
𝙰 𝙽𝚒𝚐𝚑𝚝𝚖𝚊𝚛𝚎 𝚘𝚏 𝚘𝚙𝚙𝚘𝚛𝚝𝚞𝚗𝚒𝚝𝚢
The Phantom Bridge Reports
Are You Feeling Okay?
He came in the light of day
The Audio Induced Retentive Image Experiment
I bought a fish
The night guard
The moon looks pretty tonight
GET A FREE 200$ AMAZON GIFT CARD 2021 OFFER
My first experience with sleep paralysis
I Work at a Refugee Camp for Criptids
I am a spectral detective. Today, I saw a dog with a human face.
I watch my town sleep
Remember when Nosleep was actually scary🥺😴
Philomena is back.
The sky roars at night (Part 2)
I think the curse in my town is getting worse
I swore to go back.
I was only three when i saw my great grandfather and ever since his voice haunts my dreams...
I encountered a horrifying dream like monster
There's a battle between Heaven and Hell, and I've been asked to take a side. Part 5.
Everything likes Weed
Legend of Rabbit Face part 2
I Fight Monsters Part 1
My mother works at a hospital that was abandoned twenty years ago
The Jiin that haunt my family
Something's wrong and for once it isn't the people I work with:
Weird door on my wall
Knowledge from the Source
''Meet me in Toon Town.''
Do not download an app called squad
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #2  - Curses, Dreams, And Talking Cotton Candy
I received a call from my missing Daughter
An average night out
Every night, I hear a woman singing outside my window.
There’s someone in my backyard
I Keep Having This Dream
I was brainwashed my whole life. I’m finally free (follow up)
4ringI've spent the past 6 months in a mental institution
After The Eradication
I run an Air BnB. It’s free, but I have a few unusual rules. (Part 3) Rule #9. The Wrong Reflection
Tanya
Feeling like I’m not really there?
Matress Man of Blackjack
How I Learned the Three Vital Rules For Dealing With My Sister at Night
Wistella, the Human Doll
The Journals of Atticus Greene (Part I)
I’m a Retired Priest. Recently I’ve taken steps to become ordained again. This is my cross to bear.
My old boyfriend always told me I had beautiful eyes
I'm An Actress On The Set Of A Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART THREE
I cast a love spell. The results are not what i expected them to be.
My Night Tonight
Summer camp is being harassed by…. Something. (pt 1)
Why I made up the stupidest lie to get out of the Mental hospital part 3
I Have Discovered Something Horrific Behind My Mother's Walls.
3 a.m. , alone , scared , pitch black and no explanation
Horror for a Friend feat. his unborn son
Im a 911 operator, and i was assaulted
I’m a hired gun here’s my tales (part 1)
what’s the most fear filled situation you’ve ever been in?
I should not have looked into my grandmother's basement ...DAY 1
I Was Offered A Choice Between Three Pet Monsters. Which One Should I Pick?
I Met a Celestial...
I may or may not have adopted a Hellhound.
Something stopped me from killing myself and I don't know what it was.
Running from Shadows — New Entries in an Old Diary
You'd be surprised by how some things look like coyotes in the dark
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 3)
We had a new neighbor move in
My son has no mouth and yet he must be destroyed
The woods at the back of my house has something in it.
The Road To Killarney. You decide if this is Horrible or Horror
You’re all invited to my death party!
why using my phone helps me to sleep?
I almost got kidnapped
Words to a librarian (Part 5)
An interesting morning.
He started when I was a kid but he keeps following me
My best friend is just too wild for me. He almost got me killed by demonic hounds.
My Ukrainian school was just the tip of the iceberg
The man in a suit and a town called Dobbin
I'm the wife but I have a problem...
The strange life of an American teenager. Part one. “The cock snatcher!”
I think someone is in quarantine with me.
A prestigious school's Downfall
The Thing I Saw in the Window
Till death do us apart
I am a police officer fending off the dead.
Happy Birthday Brighter Futures!
I live alone and someone or something is hunting me
I am in love with a Killer
They want it back
Have you ever lived a situation so messed up that you thought your life was over?
Marked
Has anyone ever heard of the Mist Monsters movies?
Clatter and Knock
An out of body experience
Everytime I go to sleep, I wake up in someone else's dream - Sequence 2
I work for a veterinarian who never, never let's a dog die.
Weird, Scary people
The Eden Syndrome: Part 7
I shot and killed my best friend
Cold.
I Think Maybe I'm a Sleep Demon
I woke up in a creepy room, now I am trapped.
Reporting In
Stranger on the roof
I found a journal in my family's cabin.
The man who can make you a fun person
All she wanted was to ruin my life.
I'm Ashlyn Turner, a 16 year old girl who guides trapped spirits to the afterlife they need. My last client was a little difficult, however.
The Happiest Place Stole My Little Brother (Part 2)
There's a group of people forced to write stories.
The Dead are Still Conscious
Egress : Welcome to the Labyrinth
A creepy guy is living in my ceiling for 2 weeks
I can't stop summoning nightmares
Late night convince store
I met MY Other Mother?
My Co-Worker Has Officially Gone Off the Deep End
If We Will
A Strange Slumber
I'm Terrified of My Own Guardian Angels
People feel compelled to tell me their darkest secrets.
The Dark Place
Beware the Colorado by Darwin D. Delaware
My Father worked for the Russian Government, here’s what he left me
The New Teacher
Something is waiting to escape me. (#1)
The Most Haunted County in America: The State Asylum
I have alot of time on my hands
Tesla was right about atmospheric energy being all around us.
Granny Smith
I see things in the glass
The closet underneath the stairs
S’il vous plaît essayer de rationaliser..
I am laying in bed and watching someone creeping through all my windows slowly 😱
Stained
I work for a company which created a monster
I get buried alive for a living. Something else is down there. PART 3, FINAL
What are the terms and conditions? pt. 1
Hall of Mirrors, part one.
Lost in the woods
Don't get snatched at night: Part 4
Something is watching me
A Cursed Video
In 5th grade, a demon tried to shoot up my school and take me away
The Mushroomhead
Specks on the Calendar
When someone writes, “A scream in the darkness.”
Monsoon Season
You know how sometimes you feel like you’re being watched?
I Just Got Married, and I Think There’s Something Wrong with my Mother-in-Law
Everyone has a story of how their child learned about HOT. Here’s mine, and no one ever believed my mother’s version.
I confronted the girl who tried to kill me
The House Was Never Empty
Seven Lives Taken
The Color of My Eyes Is Slowly Changing and Now I'm Starting to See Things
what happened?
String
They Come Out At Night
I'm trapped in an elevator with four people. It's been descending for an hour. Please get this out to my family.
Just curious
My Sister Went Missing Over Three Years Ago. Now I’ve Been Getting Weird Letters From Her
There are two versions of my girlfriend, one of them is evil
I Want You
Deeper
File Error: S4T-4N
Man in the attic
Forest Fright Project Case 122
I Am God
funy no sleep 2019
I can time travel a week into the past, but now something has gone wrong.
The Figure and Other Encounters
Don't ever miss your train
I went fishing 5 years ago, never again.
There’s a reason they don’t send humans into space here.
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus
Room 2004: Guilty Lovers Special
The Boogyman lives in the sky.
I’m an Exorcist and I regret taking this job
I visited Salem, Massachusetts with my girlfriend; something came back with us, something evil...
I used to be a contract killer, this is the story of my final job.
Don't Buy Slime for Kids. Here's why.
A dog called Dixie
Mr Fritz - The Haunted Ventriloquist Doll of Stalag IIB
Gemini is real - Part 1/3
Working From Home
I had a pretty nasty cab ride last night.
My Wife is Alright
I found two cameras in Yosemite. Or maybe they found me.
Vary acqry
I’m retarded. For the longest time since I r joined this sub, I thought all the stories where true. Lol.
Recycling hi-fi
How to Survive Camping: a pack of very good puppers
i went into the woods for a search and rescue mission. whati found was not human
2021 is worse than 2020 trust me
My plane had crashed on an abandoned island, something else was there with me / Part 1
The Thing You See At Midnight
I am being followed...
The High-Class Pervert In Full-On Pervert Mode
I'm Done. Final Call for help from Quinn.
Why, My Brother?
There is something coming after me in my dreams, and I don’t know how to make it stop
Obsessive Violent GF
Lucy's Party
I heard a ghastly voice near my window
Nobody believed me, but I knew who the imposter was
My brother's morrors
One Hundred Times Before, One Hundred Times More.
I discovered my inheritance and now my hands are talking to me.
I'm Being Haunted By An InfomercialI think I found a killer’s diary (part 1)
My Wife's Face is Gone
Skin Walkers on the reservation, 4 Corners area
I'm a Philly Cop and My Friend Killed a House - Conclusion
Paths in the mist
Her dollThe second one was the most amazing one in my mind and it is so much better
The Yule Lads Diary (Part 2)
Blind Religion Pt. 1 - aye first post pls no bolly
Hunting a cult
Unperishable Bananas
In the Dark
Subject: Kostas Papanyatous
Every time my name is called, someone dies (part 2)The Lighthouse Chapel
I was a leading scientist at Aspect Labs, Wuhan China, what escaped wasn't just Covid 19.
Mr. Lore: Me and my sister
Normal School Day
The Hide of a Skinwalker
The Fireman
Being Famous is not What it Seems
Was I wrong for lying to my sister’s fiancé about where she was on their wedding day?
In the Deeps
BASEMENT.
El Basilisco de Roko
I decided to uncover my sister's secret. I wish I hadn't...(PART 6)
I Bought a Cabin in The UP
Something is happening in my small town and we need to find out what before more people get hurt.
Im a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours
Who I don’t like my grandmas house
Pins and Needles
I’ve always been curious.
Why I gave up my career as a private detective
Run Away
We brought a talking rose home. (Part 1)
Night Security Nearly Killed Me Part 3 of 3
From Whence They Came
Happiness
Lovedale, home to me and the criminally insane.
Rusty Strings
My family and I started a garden but something went very wrong.
Verstümmelung des Selbst
The campfire murders
Does annyone know the NoSleep post where a guy has a time traveling being living inside him, and he keeps missing out on longer and longer periods of his life, until he talks with his grandson and they manage to save him?
I was almost killed because of my over active imagination
the client - part 2
"The Mall"
A Distant Figure in January Winter
Bring your gun to the barn.
I think my friend is hurting people part 2
I still don't know if I was awake or asleep.
The world stopped moving, but it didn’t
Skinwalker Stories #1 + #2/Wendigo and the Girl
Needing help I’m a bit sleepy
my parents had a strange rule(final); we summon the keeper
The Ivory Gate
Tale of the Sunken Souls
The Demon in my Closet
There’s no detention at my highschool... Instead, they send you to the ‘Wasp Room’
My Paw-Paw left me his shrimp boat after he passed. He didn't want me to use it to catch shrimp.
I banged a succubus, befriended a Republican minotaur, and met Chairman Mao (who was possessing the body of a small fat child).
How I traveled the world and saw everything I needed to see.
Be careful dialing
My Nightmares
Of the Sea and the Moon - The Trip (1)
Wrote this today...
Missing(?) Demon
The Dolls of the Black Road: A Halloween Tale
This Itch Is Killing Me...
There’s something in the woods near my house
Compilation of reports regarding the incidents at Broken Hill - Part 1: Aiden (Part 1)
I regret go to the abyss
That feeder boyfriend. (part 1)
I was supposed to die last week, and I’m pretty sure something wants me back (part 1)
DARK MAGIC - OPEN STORY AND PART 1
Forgive me Father, for I have sinned
Sirius (Part 1 of 2)Never Go Into Moonsville Woods at Night.
Never touch a haunted person. Unless they tell you to
When Death Came to Town!
He said strange noises from the sewers whispered in his ear. But I’ve heard far worse amid the noise.
The stars don't change when the universe is reborn, something else does
My city is being evacuated, and I have to escape it.
Don’t go near the eyeless children (Part 2)
That thing ate my girlfriendThere was a girl named 20
The Great Benefactor
I think we've released AI into life, and it's not that friendly to humanity as it seems.
Shhhhg
Summer Camp Memories
Burn
My first day on the job at Disney World is getting worse... (2)
Shadow of a Doubt - an Us FanFiction
I went camping with my daughter in our living room, but woke up somewhere else entirely
Indigo's Terror (Has any of you ever experienced these kinds of terror?)
In in the dark
I found a Pocket watch, and it Changed my life Forever.
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes
My CoD Rival is Trying to Kill Me - Part 2
I'm currently at the wannabe haunted house
Sapphire Blue, Pt 2 of 2 (Finale)
My brother is missing (Pt.1)
"Hello there" from spirit
The Whispers on the Wind
Something is lurking behind the walls in my mother's house.
But with a whimper
I'm Too Scared to Face Hell Again
I Can See Auras
I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force. We pray for our souls once a week, but not to any God you know.
The Game of Escalations My first paranormal experience
Don't go looking at curses.
Has anyone ever had stuck vision?
Dont follow the kids cries
The old man who screamed at me in my dream and it scared me so badly I woke up.
Monster Mercenary
The Abomination in the Kennels
Tom Waterfield
Why I joined the secret movement to throw everyone over age 25 into detention centers.
The Crossing
My biggest nightmare
He killed, impersonated and took PICS of her DEAD BODY
I wanted to be a good martial artist. Now I'm dangerous and I hate it (Part 1)
I don’t know how you’ll receive this message, but you need to wake up. (Final)
My Roommate, Patrick
Tales from the man with cold hands
I can't move.
“I care about you so much” he says.
Is anyone else here just drawn to the supernatural?
Scary gang gang scary gang gang nut hang
Hallucinogens have opened my eyes to things I don't want to see
I'm a private investigator that works on strange cases: Crawler Tower: Final part
There's a reason you have to hold your breath going past a cemetery (1/2)
I'm pretty sure my parents' new church is a cult..
My Dad Talked To The Grand Piano
I am being haunted my the man i ran over, he ruined my life
you cant blame me
My father was an officer stationed at Pripyat. On his deathbed, he told me the truth about Chernobyl
My strange dreams
Underneath the Floor
The Sound We Heard on the Local Trail
The Butcher of Havnok
The man who follows me and talks to me while I sleep
My Girlfriend Can't Sleep Part 3
Don't see the Shadowman.
I'm a us army ranger and the threat is real
I am immortal and someone or something is chasing me
I Found An Old MP3 Player With Songs I'd Never Heard Before. I'll Never Listen To Music Ever Again.
Ex from Hell
Something is moving behind the clouds and the rain is getting heavier.
I'm being hunted by a pack of mysterious creatures Part 1
I lost my sister to a dream (part one)
I Filed A Claim For The Equifax Breach; Now They Own My Life
Smoke in the Mirror pt 2/3
There’s Someone On The Wing
I found death along Hatchetman Trail and it sealed my fate.
I Found My Friend After 24 Years of Searching
Budget Beef
I inherited a Wild West model town. The midwife takes away the women of Hollow Valley.
I’m friends with a psycho.
The Great Deafening
a guide to our neighbourhood
SEX CANNIBAL PSYCHO FREAK KILLER
He's entered my house.
Haunted Mobile Home
The Leviathan In The Snow (Part One) The Monsters That Kill Monsters
My first encounter
I went to a speed-dating event. There's something seriously wrong with one of the guys.
I downloaded a cryptid soundboard, a piece of me wishes I hadn't
I hope I get this out before midnight
I Know I Locked the Door
The Cycle of The Four.
The Body of Thesus
The Police Interrogation of Melody Weber (Part One)
Adrift in a Dark Cloud
There's A Shadow In The Corner of My Room.. its offered me a job that has a concerning list of rules...
When I was a kid I had a baby sitter that was a serial killer, she was never caught
The sports conspiracy from the 90's that was hidden in a Wii Sports disc
My Great Grandpa’s house holds a dark secret to the past Part 1
Fan Fiction
My boyfriend called me and wont tell me anything, He sounds scared....
The Desk
Bodies Keep Disappearing From The Morgue
It challenged my faith by praying...
My mom made great chicken pies
‘Twas the Third Night Before Christmas Death Stared me Down
My Grandmother Worked for NASA for forty years. There are terrors beyond our world.
Joe Camel almost spread my buttcheeks, and now I wish I hadn’t
Mommies little doll
Home alone one night and a huge bang on my front door
There are red eyes watching me from everywhere around the house.
It has been eight months since the train crash, and the tarpaulins are still up.
It’s hard to find a decent pair of shoes these days
Am I being watched ?
My Husband was Promoted
Enter the Void
I Belong to Them
Might of sold my soul to the devil? 🙃🙃
liar
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from. (Part Two)
tales from an unmarked town(part 4)
(No Subject)
I'm not allowed to have children
Chapter 2: Mommy’s New Prayer
Something Came Home With Me
Cords
The Haunted Grave: A Local Legend Proven
AITA for getting mad at my daughter for not eating her dinner
Hiking stories gone wrong (Two True Scary Hiking Stories gone wrong )
A Real Superhero (Part 2)
Twisting Into Another Realm
Albert's Big Journey
My writing machine writes messages on he’s own .languages have more power than we thought
I've been to Hell.
I think my husbands friend bought a cult compound.(what do you think?)
The Function of Yeast
My friend keeps his digestive system in a paper bag
Camera (You might need to think to understand this story)
Lemme get more specific about the mirror game, this is the mirror game (part 2)
Don't talk to the Patrick who asks for help...
There's something in the woods behind our house
How do I get my story idea to a good writer that can make something of it?
ASMR r/nosleep Deep Sea Diving
A Short Story I wrote for my English Class
Escapism
The Typhon
I’m doing an online seance with my friends later, have you ever heard of a Tulpa?
TICK
My Beautiful Bride.
Dating For The Damned
Maneater
The Lost Town
"Who, who is this?" and then he hanged up the call
Unconditional Love
Some poetry I wrote ,hope you like it
Tornado Warning
There is a video on YouTube that will show you your future.
One Phone One Mind
Static Man??
Something Lurks in the Mongolian Sands
Baby, These Stars Are For You
My reflection is trying to escape.
My room is haunted?
There is Something Very Wrong with My Uncle Part 1
Don't drink the water (part 2)
So- I think a demon was in my dream or it was just honestly terrifying (Real experience)
Red Star
Sleepless
Fun fact
I work as a warehouse manager. How to survive the night shift
Entity file #1 sighting this is my first story please be honest
I’m a magician, and I’m pretty sure the kid onstage actually sawed a lady in half.
CLEAN B0NES//WET BUGS
The Area around Lake Berryessa has a Terrible Secret.
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. The first participant is deathly afraid of clocks.
Night of the Trailer Park Beast
The Caterpillar
I think I'm becoming something less than human
The voice in my head turned out to be something much worse.
That man always made me feel uneasy
Swan Song
I have found a locked up man in an abandoned basement
In case you attend a Mistery Philosophy Society meeting, never pick Nietzsche
GPS
I woke up outside, under my daughter's bedroom window
My frien̵̢̒ds and I got locked in schoo̴̝̿l - part 3
Outcasted
I met him at the abandoned church
The Tomato Town Massacre
THE GATES OF HELL
Chased down with my dog.
A nightmare
The Maze
Jacobs End
I Am Your Doppelganger
The Ceresco, Nebraska Curse
Behind The Walls
A Witness Account
6 feet
Monster Mercenary: The Cursed Duo
Bruh
Unidentified Case Files: The Disappearance of Judith Reinhardt
House-Sitters Wanted, No Experience Needed!
The McManell-Rodson Experiment
The Devil in the White City
My Grandfather passed away recently. I think he has left me something unearthly, something maddening. I think someone is in my home.
The smell of death
One suspect, video evidence, but we can't pin it on him
The back of the mind
If any of this happens to you, listen to them, they are the key. I'm afraid I might have figured that out too late
What's Between the Static?
I am afraid of the dark at 37. Here’s the reason.
The Woman in the Window
Jötunheimr
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But We Were Abducted And Tortured
I really hate my in-laws
Halloween game
Nameless
I took a night shift job at an abandoned convenient store and I found a list of unsettling rules... PART 1
My wife and I broke down in a farmland and were introduced to a retired OBGYN growing a mysterious crop...
In the apocalypse, I work for a company that exterminates mutated animals. Horses have devious minds.
Crimson Forrest
I was a Good Wife
The Creatures Won't Stop Popping Up In My Dreams, And All My Dreams Come True
A Voice in the Shadows part 3 of 4: A. L. M. O. S. T.
Have you ever looked at a spider and felt spiders crawling all over you.... that’s because they are crawling all over you
Alarm Clock Anxiety
Frederick - Part 1
I’m writing a book on short scary stories if you have any stories you want in the book message me
The house in the valley
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 7)
I work for a lab and found a document we fucked up
Night Call
Over and Over
Tree People
3:13
Sure, Jan (Part One of ???)
My Friend Has Been Living In An Alternate Reality For The Past Seven Years (VISUAL)
I'm being followed by something sinister (part 1)
I am Burdened with saving the world from pandemic / Part 2
You Cry Too Much
One large pie and a Coke please.
I was a wrestler. Here's my strangest story.
Michael wasn't really my type and I should learn it was not just because he was an introvert and a bit jealous...
I work for Amazon, and something weird is going on.
Something is Wrong With Me - Anesthesia Seems to Have No Effect On Me.
MYSTERY
I think I'm being haunted
We Survive
I once got chased by a clown
stuck in a lift (paranormal)
The Duvet Man
I'm a truck driver who encountered something mortifying on the road
I do pest control for monsters
An open letter to my girlfriend.
A strange hand outside my window.
Can Someone please help me?
There's something at the end of my driveway (Part 2)
I jump-started the apocalypse. And I'm not sorry.
I was an Uber Driver for the Dead
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 2/6
Halloween Decorations Make the Best Homes
Your revenge is served cold but mine will be the death of you
My boyfriend got weird texts from me at 4am that I never sent
The Monster Under the Bed
I'm 16 and I think I'm in a loop
My encounter with the devil.
This is not your Typical 5 Drunk teenagers in a slasher Movie stuck in the woods Cliche( PT.1)
“In the bush” creepypasta
The Black Heart
The Creatures Won't Stop Popping Up In My Dreams, And All My Dreams Come True...
Haunted room. Talking ghosts and knocking on walls
My first story i made. ( original language: German )
She's always behind me.
Near Death Experience (Content Warning: Depression, Self Harm, Suicidal Feelings)
The Lover Who Killed
Trust me, dying is the biggest favor I could do everyone
I've been having the same nightmare for three nights now
You Have Felt Me, You Just Don't Realize It.
Do not revisist Chilhood memories.
My Mother's brother
My school
Springlock
She fell from heaven
I Dream of War
The Sleigh Ride/ Christmas Cookies
Deep dark web horror story
Mrs. Bảy Xà
Z- or whatever her name was, I can't remember it
I kept hearing something choking at the end of my street.
Watching Crows Skip
Q0
Fishing in the woods
Fright Fest Contest Entry Post!
If you ever come across a door in the middle of the sea, leave it the hell alone
There was a Cabin in the Woods (Part 2)
I bought a new iPhone off Ebay... it has all of my dead brother’s stuff on it.
12/12 - December 1st
I was beyond scared after reading my daughter’s letter to Santa (2)
SuperMarket Memoirs 14: Employee Appreciation Day
A Heathen's Perspective
Anyone heard of/played dark web game ZX7?
I call my son Eric and my wife calls our son David
No reason to live.
Whispering Hills (final part
i went in the woods for a search and rescue mission what i found was not human
I think it might be happening again - part 1
My unfortunate encounter with Granny Ash
I didn't believe in haunted houses... untill i moved to one.
The haunted music video
The planet Utopia is currently consuming the Earth. I'm Lilith, and I'm sorry I failed you
DONT LOOK IN THE MIRROR
My scary friend - 1 (He is a very weird guy)
BUNKR - I live in a not so typical Filipino compound
"Business Is Business."
I honestly didn't mean to stalk you and I'm very sorry
Uncle Teddy and Cora: The Dollhouse. Part 2 of 2.
Aliens live among us
Concerning Truth (part 2)
My Brother Got Sick
Tigerman
Need help finiding this creepypasta/nosleep story
I Texted my boyfriend, but it wasn’t really him. (Part 1)
Please, Reddit, Help Me Find My Daughter
It Touched Me
I am a former Soviet soldier who fought in World War Two. I have some stories I need to tell you about what I saw in war (Part II)
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Finale)
The Secret's of My Local Bakery
there's howling in the woods again.
Who did I just talk to ?
‘Twas the Tenth Night After Christmas we started to sink
The Blind Beast
J
The Secret Language of All Things
Need help. What do I do. Stuck in backrooms
A teenage boys ultimate fantasy or a grooming near miss?
15:03 to Brussels
3rd Narration In This Horror Journey! Tune In!
The darkness will escape
Where the Devil keeps his pets
Now you can have that peaceful expression forever.
Cosmic Slop(inspired by an idea by Stephen King)
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Six)
Tales From A Lonely Motel 3
I just wanted to be beautiful . . .
the last photo......
The Covito - Horror
I always felt followed whenever i left my house... now i know why
School Invasion
The Rugrats
My new security system has a very strange manual.
My career changed forever a year ago today.
C0nSp1rA-SEE r3vA1aT10ns
Towards Rezzen!
My husband swears they are just hallucinations.
I am a glacial researcher and what my team found in a mysterious tunnel in Iceland has left us questioning what we know about this world. .
Demon by the lake
Was playing football with my friends, then fell in a hole to another world
Presences
Ready or Not, Here I Come
Never write a nosleep on your own at nightI decided to uncover my sister's secret.I wish I hadn't...(PART 8)
I'm a nanny and I think Im cursed
You Are Not Afraid
Paranoid life
My first post on this subreddit, hope y'all enjoy!
Two human eyes were found in an abandoned basement. This audio transcript was discovered nearby.
The Goat On The Swing 👹
My A.I. Dog Trainer Took My Life (PT 1)
I'm a private investigator. Both halves of a couple hired me to spy on the other.
Channel 43
The local lab isn’t what it seems ...
The bugs are mutating the life in my town. (Part 1)
Help the voices won’t stop screaming
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #1
There Are Some Sick Fucks Lurking About In The Forest At Night (My True Horrific Hunting Story)
The Thing in Room 32B. Part I
Lock Your Windows.
A guide on creating collective obedienceMy Town's Newest Rock Star May Be A Demon
A Cat In The Dark
In Taiwan, ghosts are very, very real (Part 1)
I fix computers that no one else will.
Why am I not famous?
Something Behind the Mirrors are Trying to Protect me From my Family
I never want a birthday cake on my birthday ever again
Starlight
I was a Casualty of a Glitch in the Matrix
Charlie Brown and the great pumpkin.
There are noise in my backyard.
Spiritualist: Angels are good right?
This mane the next lil tecca I swear
Today
My friend never invited me over. I just found out why.
A dog sitting job I got has a very strange set of rules to ensure I live.
I tried to commit suicide
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice | part 2
A White Chess Piece Arrived In The Mail Today (PART 1: Bishop)
The Government Wants Our Blood For Re-population. And They Want All of it.
I rasied the dead when I was nine. My family was gone within a year
The Untold truth ( #1)
Hotel spirits part 2
Everything I stop looking at disappears
The Russian Sleep Experiment
My daughter’s baby shark toy keeps glitching.
I installed a mod for Subnautica and it’s hunting me
The Trailer, Part 2 (a.k.a. The Witch)
My name is Alex. I wrote a short horror story about the Wineville Chicken Coop Murder House. Please enjoy.
My dad got a new pet dog one day...and he soon regretted it.
I found a strange book in my trunk
How to know when you will die
In my town, the better you are the bigger you are. (Part 2)
pink and white bear
A Lucid Dream
I wake up itchy
I Know What Really Happens After We Die, This was My Experience
I bought a geiger counter at an old swap meet.
My family is weird (Part 3)
Interdimensional communication
My first crepypasta
Why I can’t love
A tale from a trench
An AI Bot Ruined My Hometown
My Dog Isn't My Dog Anymore
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (Part 2)
Hello, Does anyone need help? My code name is Creatorda Guardian.
The Young Women Values- 1. Faith
Doctor, Doctor
The blizzard took them.
My Living Nightmare
Does your door have a peephole?
I Work as a Highway Driver and have a Strange Set of Rules to Follow
My Last Pizza Delivery Shift Ended in an Unexpected Trip to Hell...
My Eternal Faith
The rules at my subway station are extremely weird.
My client is not acting like herself and won’t say a word (Part 2)
An excerpt from "The Monster Under the Bed: Techniques &amp; Training Tools"
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about some things...
My grandma never talks and she did today.
There’s a new drug in Hollywood, and it’s giving celebrities more than a legal high.
Let's play a game...
Welcome to Club Serotonin
Working at an amusement park: the restroom
My little brother is sleeping in the bunk below me for our vacation and has been masturbating loudly and I don’t know what to say to get him to stop
A Needle &amp; Thread: Part 3
The Horror At Seven Points
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
I tried to create a perfect human. Unfortunately, I succeeded
The Urban Legend of Rootsy: Part 1
The Stick Lady
I live far out in the country and I hear things
I Love Children (reincarnate of 'Let’s have a child.')
I found this diary under a plank, in my bedroom... Part 2.
How To Survive The Afterlife: Of Course The Settlement Had a Cult
The Quarantine sleep
Someone keeps leaving a mannequin outside my window
Get to sleep with white noise
His name was Ethan
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land.
SERIES - Magic is Real, and I Don't Like It - PART 5
What we found 1000 metres below the sea makes me not want to live anymore.
NEW IDEAS NEEDED FOR BLACK MIRROR 💡
Morgz was coming in my house and he started screaming. The End
Jörmungandr
I don't drive alone at night anymore.
(Light and Brief NSFW) The Man Behind the Willow
I work in a video store.
How i got under investigation by the FBI, Australian police and -- crew
BUT HE CAN'T BE BOTH - PART 1
Chaos × Madness +Confusion = Shit is happening.
Kid from a small house in Saratoga Springs NY who got saved by a dog
I'm Guarding an Old Mall Overnight. Something is Very Wrong
My sister did a routine as a result of a stupid T.V program and also now we're stuck.
I’m A Mall Santa, And There Is Something Seriously Wrong With These Elves.
i dont want to think about this for too long
“Mirrors can cut.”
The Shopping Cart That I Watch
Was it really a dream?
We wanted a baby, but something is not right...
The Adventures of Neil - Demon, Angel, and Human - Part 1
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 6) (FINAL)
A Story from Malaysia - My Brother
Dr. Bug-guy
Life in misery still life
A Police Report for the Exorcism of Elizabeth Blanchard
I finally got my own Airpods. But I hear something terrifying when I wear them.
The computer woke at night..
I’ve seen things.
I'm starting to think there's no such thing as “Just a road” or “Just a trail” anymore...
I found a mysterious box on my doorstep. I never thought opening it would change my life.
The Forest to Nowhere
-0
Case #89
The Best Meal I Ever Had
You shouldn’t be afraid of the night... the day is much scarier
I work at a train station that services unusual destinations. Last night a passenger exploded.
Her headstone
The Sisters
The Pit (Part 5)
my dad's projects 2
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There
The island of the damned - Part 2
My neighbour comforted me, then started sending me creepy WhatsApp messages. I still have the screengrabs.
Please don't read this book.
I downloaded the Commune app, now I’m on a scavenger hunt.
Curse of Dog Hollows
Do NOT Speak With 'The Boneman' on Animal Crossing. Do NOT Do What He Asks!
I found a metal box in the junkyard. My friend isn't the only one who's gone missing.
So I think my house is haunted by my grandpa or by random ghost/demons/spirits
Rebooted
A Few Stories from the Rez
I heard the saxophone of Erich Zann
It feeds on their grief
This house on my street is on fire again
Careful on the stairs, they’re treacherous.
This is happening in my own home.. My sister and I are mortified
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Hello. My code name is Creatorda Guardian.
I sent a hitman after my stepdaughter. Now I have to deal with her myself.
Obtained a laptop from my aunt. I don't know what to do next.
Hey, asshole, I know what you did.
I’ve died and been to Hell and it’s not what you think, in fact it’s much more bearable then heaven
What Do You Do With Ghosts?
The Inheritance Game - What exactly would you be willing to do for $300 million?
They are all after me
Something wants me dead, and I think I'm out of time.
The Truth
Anomaly
When Favoritism is Bullying's Backhanded Friend
The Horrors of Painsomnia
My creepy neighbor is a cannibal!
Repost this on any platform to spread awarenessNova Kaduna Part 1
The Dungeons Of Hell: Act I- The Rules Of The Dungeon
The Screaming of Pigs
If I wish for death it happens, only to the wrong person
My classmates keep disappearing, and I think it has something to do with the New Kid
There’s no more food...
The guard dog of the abandoned Sea Side Hotel
HEROBRINE AT 3 AM
The Man With No Face
Every morning when I wake up, I see footsteps on my ceiling. Today I finally found out why
my garage door wont stop trying to open
Aliens seem to follow me.
Necklace of Teeth
Something strange that happened when I went camping as a teenager.
NoSeep - A Terrifying Museum Story You Shouldn't Listen Alone, Part 1
I am seeing my dead family members
The Boredom
Why, Mommy?
I have some weird seizures
It has been seven days since the lights flickered
Canadian Case Files (Part 3)
I have heard something unspoken
Last weekend, 6 cops showed up at my apartment building, and I slowly began to piece together why they were here.
My parents are in a cult, and they are hunting me down.
I recently got work at a local 24/7 convenience store. The rules don’t make sense, but I’m glad I followed them.
When I was younger...
I Dressed Up As A Vampire Tonight For Halloween. I Think I Just Met A Real One.
The Possession Experiment
Thought...
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (FINAL)
Get me out of this town. Please.
Are you unfulfilled?
The Dimview Recordings
My niece's friend couldn't hold her breathe, so she helped her.
Keep the cage locked.
"Do you feel better when you leave the house?"
GodMode
A few days ago I stopped dreaming and things aren't right.
Hell’s Train station
The Neighborhood Bad Guy
Living two lives...
Faith
This link will disappear in 60 seconds.
I am in love with my dead girlfriends tuba
Leave Well Enough Alone
What Happens in Thailand Doesn't Always Stay in Thailand or the Story of How I Got the Worst Itch of My Life
I've been crying about this for days.
Sartre was wrong.
My horror story is my lust toward children.
My friend was being drained of his life force by a succubus
Getting Shot at Walmart
Manuscript(s) For The End Of The Universe (Ciphers: 6 - 18)
My family received the most disturbing call
The House with 100 Doors (Part 4): The Theater in the Clearing
My dorm has rules that no one told me about, rules that could possibly end a life || Part 2
Please
"Don't scream"
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig.  "The Heart"
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Nine)
My Guardian Creature Saved Me From Being Abducted
The Motel ( Part 1 )
I found something weird underneath the school bleachers...
My Crazy Dream
There is a man Swimming in the sky
914 (Part-1)
NiT. EiP.
Someone is stalking me, and they're on my roof.
hilo freinds
If you’re an inmate on a death row..
Found from an anonymous forum
I think there is something wrong with my family.
Refined
Chair For Sale
Palm Manors
You know I’m here...
I just wish they'd stop screaming
The Worst Thing that Ever Happened to Me.
1956
I come from another world
Nightmares from the depths
I've been going through this for a bit, so what about anyone else?
I Saw Something Stalking Me from My Bed
Each night it took a piece of him.
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore.
You already know the rules. If you feel like something is behind you, don't look over your shoulder.
The fate of the Seedling I don't know what is happening in my house
someone came knocking at my door, its not a human.
I’m a Big Game Hunter in Africa and I just killed a Unicorn
Re: Acceptance is the hardest step.
My Dolls Keep Talking to Me Part 1
Subject 052  - Full Report
I think I’m sick, but my symptoms aren’t what you would expect.
I took up a job as a night guard. This isn't a job at all.
Glasses
My feet are trying to fly away
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry I ever did (Part 2)
Story where the readers can make the protagonist
Impossible. I can't be blamed for that.
Tales From The Diner - Part 2 - The Three Headed-Dog Incident
My recent ouija board experiences (part 1)
My job at the Leichenberg Manor and how it ended my life
My son claims he has a guardian angel. I never believed him, but strange things have been happening lately.
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 4)
The wallpaper that was unique....
The Neonatal Horror and My Ghastly Possession
My sister had an abortion today... but she brought it home with her. It Gets Weider (Part 8)
"Stranger In The Woods!"
I work At The Only Pizza Place In Town
Back when the werewolves were still roaming around freely.
I met my boyfriend’s parents for the first time. Their dinner ritual left me horrified.
I was almost killed by a Cannibalistic Yandare Girl
My Family's Rubber PlantationI keep getting murdered, and I don’t know why.
If You Find This
My body is acting strange:time is running out
The Monster Outside My Bedroom Window
The Girl in Black
I stalked my girlfriend for three years before she met me, now I'm planning her murder
This woman keeps approaching me and I don't know why...
Too Close for Comfort
Trials of Adam (a search for truth)
Every Small Town Has an Urban Legend...
My name's Sam and I like people.
I died and came back, and I'll I can say is... do not speak to her
Midnight
Carjacked by a Man from the Future
The Trails We Leave Behind
Mystery Christmas packages from Amazon have been showing up on my porch almost daily for the past week. You'll never guess who's been sending them...
I only hear the voices in one ear
I Lucid Dream Very Often.
Finding the Lantern Man
I’ll always be running from him
BIRDS IN FOREST | Singing Birds 1 Hour
Best of 2020 contest nominations
Me and My friends were playing, till we come across a monster...
I got a job as night security on a train. The train rules are deeply disturbing (Part 1)
A Warning to My Fellow Hunters: They Escaped!
My Last Deployment
Andy just wants to play
The worst week of my life
Always turn off the lights (part 4)
I’m afraid of going to heaven
I broke into Central State Hospital and what ive found is horrifying
Backrooms_Enter.docx
I’m lost in an IKEA
SLEEP
Ducks went missing
The crying
My roommate tried to kill me while he was sleepwalking, with murder weapons he bought when he was awake. And I have no idea where he is.
Don’t check out noises that happen during the night
I'll haunt this house with you
We Went Camping and Something Came Home with Us
My refrigerator was hungry. So I kept "feeding" it.
The Child of the Tapes
Am I the murder?
The vacation
My Childhood Best Friend Showed Up At My Doorstop. He was My Dog That Went Missing 50 Years Ago.
Niff and Biff (part 1)
Something is moving behind the clouds and we cannot leave.
Fungible
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the woods (part 3)
Somethings not right about this neighbourhood.
Always Hunt Alone
My Girlfriend Has Started Doing Things In Her Sleep
My Best Friend Was Infected With a Parasite
I'm part of a study determining the existence of God. Our findings are shaking me.
Friend had a dream and this is how the dream went.
I Signed up for a Sleep Study and I don't know when it'll End (Part 1)
The Diedra Lee
I stayed up late one night and saw the strangest TV ad
IT ALL BEGAN IN THE GRAVEL PIT.
I live in a newly built, modern neighborhood; however, the street lamp on the corner keeps blinking like it's fifty years old.
Madness in a Sleepy Town in Missouri - 3
That time when i didn't goto sleep at 3.23
The Shifting Woods
My life was ruined after IT came
Observe
Splash Mountain After Dark
Soul Mates
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules.
Housebreaking
That Thing in my Grandmother’s Attic
I Have Started Hunting Monsters Again.
Vsvvw
Lost: A Backrooms Story
You Know What You Did
Do not spend a crown
I hitch hiked outside Duluth Michigan. The result ..
Doll moves and it’s gone missing now
There's something in the house! (Nightmare)
Ever wonder what happens behind those restricted doors at bars? I wish i didn't.
The Unnamed Clone
Divine Intervention (Part 4)
The thing in the moonlight
Art Imitates LIFE - SECOND HALF
How to Survive the Woods: A Guide
My dad is reincarnated as some sort of creature (PT 1)
Budsturga's Debt: Part 1
Everything is on fire, and I think God's responsible
I think my new home is sending me eviction notices
There’s something in the Missouri cornfields
A Normal Day
Everyone is gone except for the crows
Sirens going off... It’s not a drill
See you soon
I know he is Watching me
The Monsters Aren’t Just For Kids
Just West of Laredo (Part One) - by JWillard
Every Time I Try Killing Myself, Some Else Dies.
I work on a cruise ship and everyone is missing from the morgue.
Real noises at night. Don't know where else to post.
The Twitter Diary of Apollo - Interactive and real-time Story
The Smell Never Fades
Over the fence
Every Night Before I Go To Bed
My son had an unhealthy obsession with cockroaches.
Yesterday, I read something sinister.
I am you and you are me
A brief moment
Another story from my days in juvie (I'm the guy who authored the Three Kings ritual)
The woman
Ues
They Live In The Trees
My first cryptid story
I'm A College Student Studying Field Biology, I Think I've Found Something That Will End the World
The Limping Woman.
I keep having the same dream
I just stole the last of my clan's food.
Rich Creepy Arab Demon In My Backyard Next To A Mosquee
Oakland.
What Do You Believe
Because of this Audio Recording I’ll Never Go Caving Again
A walk in the dark
I was a Lumberjack when I realized that some trees aren't what they seem.
I took a job I shouldn't have. Things are devastating. I can't quit.
Someone walked into my bedroom at 6am..
Another open letter to Sabrina S.
NightBuds - smart earbuds for better sleep and relaxation
Strange lights in the sky
I ran away, and I wish I didn't.
PSA to people with old mattresses
the strangest/weirdest experience in my life
I Still Can’t Explain What Happened at CP 317.2 Maxon
Buyer's Remorse
The Blue Pills Part 2
It started in the hallway.
Dense, dark forest
BANK OF TIME
The Boys in the Lake
She laughs in the corner of your room.
\glz \glz
I saw my nan in my dream, and then saw her in real life (she’s dead)
This was Tom my best friend
My childhood best friend went missing when we were 15. 11 years later, three thousand miles away, I found his mittens in an abandoned cabin near my home.
Shadow man
The Day I Was Almost Kidnapped...
Stay away from your windows during a storm. Stay away from the lightning man.
My laptop's wallpaper changed colors last night
I witnessed the largest ritualistic massacre in my life.
AfterDeath Explorer
Never meet Your Opposite
I have some stories to tell and I’m wondering who else has experience this.
Out The Corner Of My Eye
Locked in ikea
A Warning, Just For You.
My last mission
23:21 11/9/2020
Suzy and the Mad Scientist
G - G - G Ghost!
SuperMarket Memoirs 3: Sacred Ground
What lurks in the forest
The House On The Edge Of Town
A Letter in the Mail
My house is stalked by a shadow
Always take the stairs
My cat murdered my boyfriend
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town
Pearls in the Dirt
In The Most Devastated World
I am a Search and Recovery Diver
I Work With Dogs
Watch out for Rubin Fairglube HES STILL ALIVE!!!
Where The Butterflies Dance (Part 2)
My Best Friend Led Me Through Seven Layers of Hell
Today I found out that my life is a lie.
I don't use elevators anymore
I don't turn on the light.
I thought it was just a glitch in my boyfriend’s smartwatch.
NJ Falls Into the Atlantic
i beat her cus she beats me
My Friend Doesn’t Like Me Anymore
I just found out my cat is a demon (?)
The Counting Man
Podcast Episode 1: Unsolved
I Found a Strange Book in my New House
The Elevator Malfunctioned
Nightmares of an Amnesiac p2
Have you forgotten about The Playground?
I hunt angels.
I watched a Hypnosis video on YouTube, and I woke up somewhere different.
I got a message from 2980... It's bad.
My family is weird (Part 2)
The House That Jack Built, episode 1
faith/xavier
I burned down the shoe tree in Mitchell, Oregon.
I Don't Work on a Golf Course Anymore.
I have 9 hours left to live, but I’m thrilled - Part 2
I'm a necromancer, but not in the traditional sense.
I've Seen Everything
I saw a child ghost at a haunted hotel, and he yelled at me in Latin. I'll never sleep again.
A Man In A McDonald's Washroom Wanted To Show Me "Something Cool"
I'm College Student Studying Field Biology, I Think I've Something That Will End the World
ZULA
fishing used to be relaxing
What do you think? Can this be a possibility in this day and age?
It cums at midnight
Is my Parents house haunted?
I Think My Guardian Angel Is From Hell -Part 1
Judy
Fathomless
Baba: Part 3
Please help.
Hell is not what you think it is.
If you're in a small mountain town, never wait outside of Ken's Market
I walk through other peoples dreams when I sleep. An inhuman creature is now pursuing me across your subconscious, please wake up!
I found blood on a sidewalk and I followed it but I found something that wasn't human
Sleep-Deprived? Here's What You Need to Know
I’m a monster that’s hired to hunt other monsters(part 2)
I sleep with my dead children at night
The World and Moon, Maybe Ending. Part 1
I Know What's Best
They Won’t Let Me Leave Walmart!
I have a wierd habit that plows me to disassemble and reconstruct anything at will.
Who was in the room with me?
Grandma's 911 Calls: The Abduction, Part 1
I Bought a Wife Online (Pt.1)
The Smell of Pancakes.
Lockdown gone Wrong
Weird Things Happen on Idlewild St
Advice on joining the Existential Risk Contention
They are watching
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART FOUR
Snapped and Cracked
Knocking on a rainy night
My mom got robbed in her 20’s. True story.
Missing girl.
Title: April 2020 Winners!
This Greyhound bus hasn’t stopped for days. Part 2
Me and my wife scheduled a trip to Sebastian Inlet, Florida. This is a warning. (4-Part Series)
ASS1017
I haven't touched my shotgun for years. Last week, I found it on my desk.
It was in her room (it wasn't sleep paralysis)
I read some bedtime stories to my children. One story scared me the most.
The Hole in The Wall, part II
He's Following Me
There's Something Outside
The First World War and its Dark Secret - My Great Grandfather's Diary
Best friend's mom
There's nothing going on!
Have you ever seen the void of space up close?
My Mother and the Darkness - Part 2
Music Box Makes Me Remember Some of My Childhood
Dream within a dream?
I Don't Go Out to Sea Anymore, Here's Why
The Calling
Little Lights
All my classmates has dark eyes and everyone was laughing.
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and there's something lurking here (Pt. 2)
VIETNAM WAR.
I was pen pals with an executed death row inmate. I think he was innocent. Part 1
Recent haunting
Nicholas...
Last night was my first shift as a virtual nurse assistant. I already want to quit.
طريقة عمل زنود الست بالقشطة
a demon has been sleeping next me for the past 3 years
My Son Had a Nightmare
I was a security guard and when saw this and it changed my life
Symbiote
I work at a psychic hotline. Something really strange happened.
The man with the golden ring and the red bracelet(part1)
I’m being followed part 1 and 2
A Silly Little Game
The Mystery of The Trembley Murder
DE JAVU
Superheroes are real
rabbit run part ii
I Live At The North Pole(Part 5)
There are people who participated in lynchings during the early 1900s that might still be alive today.
Mist Over Black Mountain
I'm Never Going Back to Las Vegas
I got locked in school - part 3
Something that no one ever tells you is that the day after is so much worse.
Guys, this is my last chance to repent for what I've done.
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 12
I've been watched by "something" for several days.
I can hear banging below the ground floor, but there isn't a basement
Grew up in a 110 year old house. These are some of my unfortunate memories.
Jarred
The Encounter
I had no choice but to follow the Tiny Flashing Lights.
I'm a pizza delivery driver and I see things nobody else sees.
That..thing..made home unsafe.
The bearded man next door asked me something strange
"The game show 2"
I'm investigating the case of some missing teenagers, I think a vampire is involved.
Aspiring horror writer? Funny enough, I'm an aspiring horror story narrator.
I saw that thing in the woods and never went back to the forest
Its 11 AM and it’s pitch black outside
Someone was in my room
Kidnapped and Tortured by a Stranger
A madness took over our village.
I’ve seen a monster twitching in the dark.
Manifest - Part 1
10 tips for sleeping in hot weather
New year, new me
Don’t Tell
8ight After: if you don't believe, then you have nothing to fear With Photos -- Part 3 of 3
Christmas Vacation - Part One
The Horrid Halloween (Still being edited)
My Friend Told Me He Had Enough
I see myself in the mirror, but something is very wrong
Shyness.
There used to be a strange cult in my high-school
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana
- need better lungs
"Don't you see the blood?"
Site: 1:A (Pt. 1 – ?)
The Mystery Visitor
I work as a teacher for a private boarding school for gifted individuals, they gave me 27 rules to ensure my “safety” (Part2)
WHAT THE HELL. WHAT THE HELL WHAT THE HELL WHAT THE HELL
My Stay At The Cabin (Graphic Warning)
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me.
My Summer as A Security Guard for A Disturbing Carnival - Part 2 - Friday Night
The Windows of Los Angeles
We finally figured out a way to travel back in time, it think the past is best left in the past
The Bunker (pt. 2)
She Never Intended Me to Be The Sacrifice
I missed a day of school. Everything was wrong when I returned.
Rule #1: Never Go Into Moonsville Woods at Night.
Don't Speak To Him
The Standing man
Grandma's Ghost Stories are all true
I recently installed a Ring doorbell camera. It keeps detecting things that aren't there.
Springtime of Youth
Update: My Daughter’s Body is Still Stuck Inside a Wall
This YouTube channel ACCURATELY predicted the death of famous celebrities.
I Create Dolls to Comfort the Living
Buried body with the car
The walls around the orphanage aren't to protect the kids from us, it's to protect us from them.
This isn't her..
I think I'm losing my mind
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult...
Someone may have broke in..
I keep seeing hidden messages whenever I check the news. Someone’s trying to tell me something.
Second story of the three
The River Lady
I used to work at the strangest zoo on Earth. I would normally say God help us, but at this point I don’t think even God can help us.
#Come and play part 1
I am in a medical trial for a supplement to make people more perceptive. Unfortunately, it works.
Pretty sure there was someone in the house that night.
About my blackouts.
Has Anyone Else Noticed the Moon is Getting Bigger?
The couch
I am a security guard who couldn't save people I knew were going to die
My dog saw it in the old house and it stayed with me.
Third Time's a Harm
The shadows
The Doorway
The Curse of Dark Mountain (Part 1)
Weird Sleep Pattern
The guardsman at the fire
My brother's missing, I found some weird stuff in his journal pt. 2
He’s after meThe Only Story I Tell When Someone Asks For a Scary Story
Dragon Soda
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. (Part 9).
It’s 4:43 in my sleepless world. I decided a two finger pour from my husbands bourbon collection would help. My question is this, does this count as a night cap? Or am I just drinking in the morning?
I love you, too
I was scared of the unknown...now I am the unkown...
I work at a family entertainment centre, and I’m pretty sure the ball-pit is bottomless
Insomnia- can’t fall asleep, and when I do I can’t wake up
North West D.C., Black Male, Dead PT.1
There’s an entry in my childhood diary that I didn’t write.
I woke up in the woods next to a dead body. Part 2
On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me... December 5th
Steading A Home
My Paranoia diary!
Don't listen
My Town is Dying, and I'm Stuck Inside
I think I killed the new girl?
Iam done
I don’t know how you’ll receive this message, but you need to wake up. (Part 2)
Say Cheese
Underneath the Lemon Tree
My Quiet Half
I’m quarantined inside a locked down tower. But what people have in here isn’t COVID-19...
Having trouble going to sleep at earlier times
Notes
Scariest thing that happened in my life
I recently got my hearing back, but I don't know why the echoes won't stop
The Dream Stealer
The Devil You Know.
The Choking Game
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 1)
My mind was aware, but I wasn't
the witch in the walls
The girl in the orange shirt
I will narrate your story and promote you on YouTube!
I hate kikes and support gulags
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 5)
CUTTING
Canaan, the Devil's experiment: Rafael's challenge
A Simple Discussion at Midnight.
CASE REPORT 20190319021
Find it before it finds you (part 1)My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Somebody's after my belongings and my staff.
Simulation of the Human Body - Dr. Wintz Journal Entry #1 (1)
If You Hear A Tap On The Glass, It Already Has You
Bad Things in the Ouachita National Forest Part 1
my bestfriends and i went on the dark web and were followed.
Post 2
My Mirrorless House
The Green Eyes
Confessions From a Grocery Store Manager
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of. GUTTERS: (PART 3)The House That Clicked
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast
MY SCARY STORY
If you find a mirror framed in brass, destroy it.
The Sleepwalker
Lucid dreams and shit sleeping patterns
ShopKeeper- The Cleansing Project
The Brooch
What happened to my aunt? How can we stop it?
The Ritual That Ruined My Life
I found this message on my phones notepad.
Class 1C: The Girl with a Basket of Eyeballs
My redroom experience
The Corpus Arcade - Madame Marilyn’s Occult Pinball
I'm fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people - 2 hours ago
Hope's Heroes
I found this app, but it’s probably been doing weird stuff
The beginning of the end.
I couldn’t figure out why my dogs kept barking...I wish I never found out. (Part 1)
Simon Says
The public library has an unused third floor
My childhood nightmare turned out to be real. This time it played out a lot differently. I confronted it, and wish I didn't.
I got a flat tire in a ghost town
Museum rules
The Blank Void
Why he's not a bunny person anymore
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART IX
Mighty No.10?
Some sAy That i Am Not a bad guy. they're wrong.
I never noticed so much about my dreams until I began lucid sleeping. But now they've noticed me back.
Scary true personal story
I killed somebody
I operated a radio station. They had me work for only 30 minutes, and wanted me to leave quickly when my hours were over.
the diary ps I'm new to writing stories lol
Pound of Flesh by A.H. Gottlieb
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality
Someone's stalking me.
I was kidnapped for 3 years.
Don't trust Blind Men!
"Don't be so silly, dear" part one
Ash Eater
I'm Glad I Followed Instructions
Part 1
I found a patient's notebook buried in the rubble of an old asylum (Part 2)
Unregistered Hypercam
I used to be part of a hacker group.. until I went where I shouldn't have (Part 2)
It Lives in the MusicEarth has a new visitor.
I don't want to be a Paramedic anymore.
The town that’s wiped off the map.
There's a creature running around in my small town, and I think someone knows about it.
I clean the homes of dead hoarders. The last place was filled with a lot more than just trash
So I played a Ouija board twice and these weird things happened
A month ago I was trapped in what I thought was my bedroom: Part 3/3
I'm swallowing my hair.
MY WEBSITE WITH MANY OF STORIES
An eerie neoclassical vegan beauty store stole my little sister
Why I Don't Fly At Night Anymore
WhatsApp Messages
The men in black came to talk to me in third grade
When I was 11 somebody broke into my house and came after me again
I don’t know what it was, but it could manipulate objects
The Place Where People are Pillows
Man Up
I am a detective with the gift of second sight. Mysteries are happening around my town that even I can't solve.
The old woman in my house
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (pt 3)
I Had to Fill Out a Strange Form at My New Job
I'm a nanny. The kids I watch are getting even weirder.
A girl once told me something strange
Something has been sleeping on my bed. It isn't me.
I'm quarantined in an Air Force hotel room, and something weird just happened.
My little ghoul
Karma is real and she doesn't like what I'm doing
My wife went missing last year and I just found her diary.
My Grandfather, who fought in the second world war, once told me a story that has haunted me ever since.
I Saw the Woman Climb in my Window
She's helping me, but now we need help.
Just Started A True Stories Narration Channel
In 2015 I entered a haunted maze with five of my best friends and only I came out.
My son's been acting weird lately, so this morning I checked his search history.
Something lived in the woods near my house (Update)
man who used to live in my family house is coming back and stalking us 45 years later
Argue yourself to sleep
Trunk
Bed-Verse
Staining Blood
Love, Acceptance, and Pride
To join them...
I'm releasing a trading card game about Cryptids with Mothman and Indrid Cold called MetaZoo! We are looking for people to sign up to be playtesters.
I found someone in the woods today
In 2019, I went on tour with the Antichrist – Part 1
What Lies Beneath The RathausHouse Sitting Gone Wrong
Real estate agents shouldn’t play with the Underworld
I am sitting in my basement with a loaded shotgun ready to defend myself
the little girl in a blue dress
Project,:ARTEMIS
THE SCARY PODCAST
I had this strange neighbor who would always lawnmower his lawn.
I found something inhuman outside my window. Now I'm trying to hide from it.
Just One Photograph
I got bullied and i dunno why…I feel everyone hates me
I helped an injured guy on the street...
I need help getting rid of a sketchbook/treeTheres something very wrong with this radio station.
Because I love you
what was in my closet?
a weird person saw yesterday night
THE WHITE VAN MAN PART 2
The old couple
I am Scarlicty, and my Supervillain father has become a Serial Killer. Now he's missing.
Isolation part 2
I was upset that I had no company during quarantine but now I wish I would be left alone.
I'm not a writer, this actually happened.
Erasure
My dads story about 9/11
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part 15)
During World War One there was a battle called the battle of the dead, what if I told you the dead really did fight the first world War.
Movie night
Paper airplanes started appearing all over town. Soon we're all going to die.
Dear prize winner
Grandma is Coming to Visit
Sisterhood (1/4)
White noise seemed like a good solution
Mr. Smiley
It took everything and everyone
I'm an urban explorer, this time I got more than I bargained for.
Afterlife Hotline
Only in Whispers
Hello, I am Death
Long Cuts
Run!
There is no escape
The Survey
I don't know if I miss her
Come Home
The Carsirvoi Manor
Marble Barbie.
My friend is acting weird
Ear
Cryp-Ted Trucks (2)
Turn Right
Saltwater
I've gained access to a secret, hidden layer of Netflix. The videos there are absolutely harrowing.
Something's under my bed, and I'm stuck on top.
Everything’s fine
The Alarm Clock
It Was All A Fucking Lie
The miniature Ferris wheel
My commute was cut short
15. My Kid Summoned a Demon: The Wedding.
An old prank that i still regret.
I moved into a new apartment and I think my neighbor is a serial killer. Help. (part 3) FINAL.
I live in a cabin near a town full of insane people
The Nightwalker (Part 2)
Besser Schlafen
All reddit whats the creepiest thing you saw out your window at night?
(Part 2) Hi, I'm Lizzy Culligan, and I'm Stuck at an Evil Summer Camp.
My only childhood friend ruined my life.
The Midnight Lady
The depths are calling to me
Their out there
Am I Haunted?
me and the scary bag of chips (my mom said i ate them but i didnt it was the gost)
Pretty Sure He Killed His Ex-Wife, and Got Away with it Pt.1 - The Beginning
The Burned Photo
The Piano in the WoodsThe night terrors P-1
What Happened
I woke up in a dark building with a group of 100, only 2 got out
I used to star in a children's television show, and I wish I had never discovered that I still have fans.
my sweet prince
The stranger by the bus stand
It’s 3 am and I live alone, but someone’s in my kitchen sipping water.
There is something really wrong with my driving instructor
Relaxing Sleep Music: Deep Sleeping Music, Relaxing Music, Stress Relief
My Job Has Been Turning Me Crazy
I was asked to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit horrified at what I saw. (Part 3)
My Truck Won't Start, Someone Help Me
Anyone have a name for this?
I found my creepy talent
Into The Doll House
I accidentally drove something to my home
I Can't Sleep
When all first responders are Infected
Tea, Dust and Bones
The Invisible Ghost
Help me find someone. It's important.
White Hills
Bus Ride Through November: Chapter One
BLUE
My friend, Greta, shows me a bunker in the woods and I really need advice
I've no reason to write
Pete
When I bought a japanese doll
That's not her.
im not sure whats in my house ??
Don't ask for cheese on your salad at an Olive Garden
My Dog Keeps Making Noise in the Hall
Conversations with Samael
The Fairy Door
I found a message on my way home from school and I don’t think it was an accident 1/2
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 1
NO ONE is going to believe me...
The places
I'm Never Going to Another Pride Parade
The Man With The Clipboard
Randomize Your Fun
The Zoo I worked at has strange rules and regulations. This is a story from the heart
I'm a Russian spy in Alaska. I live in a cottage, miles away from others. But I no longer think I am alone...
When I was a kid I used to dream about a white maze almost every single night and wake up sweaty and heart pounding
My treehouse is the Devil's Bin (The Final Part)
I never believed rumors about my high school being haunted, until I experienced it firsthand
I live in an old haunted Nazi building, and this its story
My best friends demon wanted me dead
I was tasked to fix an ancient system at work and I wish I hadn’t agreed.
I woke up in the middle of the night from a noise from my neighbors
(Part 1) Why I'm Afraid of Going to a Girl's House.
Personalized Trial of Light Therapy for Fatigue (ages 18-59, residing in the U.S., all genders/ethnicities)
Better
We got a Warning message from a another star system
The Bloodboy
I was frozen in time
Jupiter's Rules [Part Three[
I killed the Tall man (his name is Paul)
I work at NASA. We made alien contact last week.
Look
Walkie-Talkie
bybit Register
Living with a monster.
Serving in the United States Military
I think dreamt an alternate universe
There's something strange in the fog
The beast with fire in its eyes
Adobe Illustrator CC Crack 2020 v24.3.0.569 Key Latest Version
The man in the mirror -sexual violence-
My wife and I went on a cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive. Part Three.
My phone receives Emergency Alert notifications exactly 13 days and 9 hours before any other phones receive them. I couldn't believe the Emergency Alert I just recieved, exactly 10 minutes before 2018 began.
my best friend was a monster
Why everybody smile at me ? -1
The Hole
The House down the Valley
I went where the dead go to die.
I found this really creepy photo on my phone. I didn't take it
Steady Focus Click
I play music to dead people, today they played on back
I Stole a book from a Museum, It Stole my Soul
A Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident.
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me. It's much worse than we expected.
We open weird portals to the Underworld and pull the Damned out for cash
I just started working at a church and the priest gave me some weird rules. (Part 1)
The power went our in my city (day 2)
It’s happening again ..
North Dakota is my state, I love this place but something harrows me to this day...
Dry (1)
My Sister and I Were Close
residents keep ordering violence to which I have to sign and accept on their behalf
The Dove Hunter, we might die in this camp
“A fortune in fabulous prizes may go to these people today....
I had a sweet little neighbour one day
SPITE OF THE SEA
The Time I Dreamed of My Grandmother's Death
Don't forget to pay the ferryman.
This you should not look up
Dance Like There's No Tomorrow
I was asked to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit horrified at what I saw. (Part 2)
First Born
We saw something out in the night sky of South Texas
My teaching job requires “other duties as assigned”, and those duties just got much more complicated.
The body in the street
My neighbors are not normal pt 1
The man in the straw hat in the park that existed only in my mind
I Have Discovered A New Species of Arachnid
Creepy lady
I keep hearing strange noises in my home at night. They're getting worse.
Protect yourselves my children
Strength In Numbers
My twin brother and I are hunters. The woods have a kind guardian.I can sleep at night and the only thing that makes me wake up is the sun
Four of the most popular kids in my school disappeared a few days ago. Today, I found them. But I wish I hadn’t. There’s something wrong with them that I can’t explain.
I think I may be insane
Mother Placed a Bet on the Milkman
the Lix #666
At my house, we left out more than cookies and milk on Christmas Eve
There's something wrong with this town: part 1
This Road Keeps Changing
boo boo nigga
I sleep too much and I had always wondered what happens around me when I'm asleep at night.
Beaten/Pegado
I document the most horrifying places I've ever visited. Recently, I found the scariest of them all.
Strange Things Happen In My Hometown. Here Are Some Things I Remember (part 2)
The Eraser
We spent a night on werewolf road
I bought an old mansion and the previous owner gave me a book with rules (pt1)
Discontinued some meds
The Phone Calls
A Bone White Winter
Don't Go Exploring Carter's Cavern
This restaurant was the only place hiring and the list shows why
I have a doubt
You have a delivery scheduled. Part Two.
I work in a pawn shop. I brought something home that I really think I shouldn't have.
My Childhood Experience In A Haunted House.
I Walked Highway 80 in the middle of the night. It follows me
Weekend hike
Why I hunt monsters : Reason 2 "I don't like being watched every second"
Pokemon Nightmare X
Antelopes.
I'm fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people - 30 minutes ago
My Sweet....
I purchased a self-help book. Now, everyone I love is dead.
Something strange happened at my Honky Tonk.
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 4)
The Footsteps
Two of my Friends Died From The Plague
We just moved into a new house, And the former owners gave us a estrange set of rules ( Part 2)
I made this story
I woke up this morning to a post-apocalyptic world, and I don’t remember anything. (Part 1)
I have faced the ultimate horror
Water Spring9%
I Killed A Chupacabra
Exterminator's Handbook 3020 Edition 1 - Introducion and Chapter One: The Common Slime
The Roblox Tower OF Hell Accident
I was driving home late one night and saw a car parked in the middle of the interstate.
I took a job as a retail worker in a small town. I came across some very odd rules. (Part 1)
I'm tired of watching.
I Feel Invisible
dark, darker yet darker
live all night
The man Of the town
My son has no mouth and yet I love him
My game with Gamble
Go away! God please just go away! I'm just a coke-head! I didn't wanna' do it!
An unholy beast (Part one)
Stronger Human
Big brother is always watching (Part 1)
I'm a manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (Part 2)CLASSIFIED Therapy Session A25b: Mr Alvarez - Incident 2b
I Used to Call Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline But Now I Work Here
The mind controlling arcade machine
Surface Tension
I just wanted to relive my childhood... (Sims 2 Horror Story)
I'm Dying
I Found Her Body In My Kitchen Trash Can
You've Read This Before
The nightmare on Christmas morning.
Won't you share with me?
Dreamscapes: Program Number One.I work for the CIA, and I found something terrifying
LEAKED Government memo details cover-up by Yukon Territory and RCMP Officials! REAL documents attached! Last names and locations removed to protect identities.
The "Vacant" House
My grandfather does not have dementia
They been waiting all along...
"Please don't call me anymore, please!!!"
Into the Trees Pt4: I Hear Her Voice
"Thou Shall Wither, Fool." - Part 1
A stranger in the night...
I’m a doctor at Breckinridge Asylum but no one believes me
My last day as a Police Officer was the worst day of my life!!!
The day my husband came home....
Leviathans pt.2
The Book of Autonomancy: A Recipe for Earworms (Part 17)
I've Got Ghosts In My Machine
Something Happened on LiveBlog.org
my name is ***** *****
The Kimberly story
I got a couple text from my friend then I never saw him again
I'm being watched.
Spacegirl
Under the Ice
My grandma’s farm had some strange rules (Part I)
I love visits with my parents.
My Wife and I went on a cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive.
I babysat for the Miller’s, but Mr. Miller got home early.
My uncle owns this joint called "The Best Fingers in Town." I work for him. Good thing my aunt's not around to see this
I keep getting invited to this church called The Enlightened. They won't leave me alone.
I can talk to ghosts; they tell me their last moments that they couldn't forget
Don’t forget to close your closet door at night
Old Boss and the Looping Corridor
Part 5. My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
My mother needs my skin.
Don't do jobs off the Deep Web Update
the crawlspace
Room 101: These Walls Have Eyes
800 Chapter 1 The Arrival
Don't Trust The Mailman On Oak Street
Tomorrow
The Noise
Project Phobos: Arachnophobia
My caffeine relapse might be what breaks me
My Street in Kansas might be Haunted?
I went to a catholic boarding school. The true monsters are the friends we made along the way
The Upstairs Face and The Downstairs Face
I Was Commissioned to Paint the Storm
I found a blog called We are Finding Gix.
If I close my eyes, everything outside of my bedroom will disappear. Again.
Closing time
Don't Eat Today's Special
I found a book
My eternal love for Helena
Never close your closet (true story)
My name is Jake Blackheart, and I see the best and worst of people.
The Teyko Cult Part 1
I think that i'm hallucinating.
I hide in my closet every night, this is why.
don't walk at night
Harvesting
"I heard something in the kitchen-"
Mercy Me, How could i Sleep?
The man on my porch
I Keep Having These Recurring Nightmares About Public Restrooms
Cult of the goat woman
My grandma’s house leads to a world full of wonders. Today I met the false faced people.
The Supply Hoarder
The horrors of magic (Part One)
There's something in my new house with me. (Part Two)
Rude awakening
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 4
The Grinning Man
Running man
I inherited my grandfather's cabin.
Aunt Gracey by C.L. Ricketts
One of the Greats 1.2
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 5)
Test Subject 001
My Hospital Was Used to Test a Bio-Weapon
My Dead Heart In The Mirror
The HItchHIker
6 blind cats
I met the monster in my closet. It's not what you'd expect.
The Fairy Door upon the hill
The Cure for Cancer Costs more than it’s Worth
The Scout Movement
Only 4 more children needed.
Latest Mick Dark Series Episode for Chilling Tales For Dark Nights "Bad Trip" by David Feuling #ctfdn #mickdark #creepypasta #creepypastas #horror #scarystories
The time I thought I was going to be kidnapped
It started at a party
You can hear the storms of Jupiter from beneath the Pacific Ocean
How to Survive Camping: bad years are also expensive years
My friend's dad watched me sleep
My late husband's family are monsters
The Deep Corner
Ukraine Child Sex Trafficking - Biden - SNC Lavalin - Bronfmans - Epstein https://archive.md/uDq0s
By 1948, beheading by the guillotine was still the official form of capital punishment in France. I was an executioner.
The Guardian
Reddit has been sending me weird notifications
Howard's Curse
The Flesh of Last Women
My son stopped sleeping in protest to the Nosleep protest. Now he has superpowers.
my short story
My friends at school are being murdered by Plants.
He estudiado en escuelas católicas desde que nací, quieren saber algo al respecto?
The Shadow in The Hall
the files
I’ve been trapped inside an Empty Prison for the past two years. We shouldn’t have tried to escape. Final part.
I think i had expiricned time travel.
It Was Just A Dream...
My Dads are werewolves
never meet your opposite
If you see a man with crooked antlers, pray you aren't alone.
The nicest man I ever met was in a mental health hospital.There's an Abandoned Library in My Town. I'm Convinced It's Cursed.
I am Meka Castle, and I have avenged my mother.
They came from up on high
I think my friend had more that a disease
What is wrong with this camp (chapter 1)
The Nigthmares never end....
Don't Go In The Cellar Part 2 - This House Breathes
The Monster of Nobel Coffee and Tea
I took part in a modern Witch Hunt pt 1
God makes mistakes too, but he never undoes them.
I know why so many people kill themselves at my college
The Apartment Complex I Moved Into has Some Very Strange Rules (Part 3)
I think my Latin teacher saved me
How am I going to tell them?
My Eyes Said Death (pt 2)
The Lighthouse
Late Night Walk
It wishes you well (Part One)
The Inevitable She
What I found
I'm a Sailor in the US Navy, We just found something real bad (PT 1)
I got a job working as a security guard in a Hotel that is purportedly haunted, I was given a list of rules.
One two three four five six.
I found hidden cameras around my house
Everything in my home is slowly being replaced by newer items and I feel like I’m going insane
The uncanny valley
Best of 2019 Voting Thread
NSFW Surprise
I keep hearing a faint knocking from my kitchen cupboards
My friend and I tried to rob a warehouse in the woods. Biggest mistake I've ever made. Pt.1
Township
Just like you.
Mr. Dog
The Skeletal Grin
I think I've got demons in my neighbourhood (part three)
Was it good luck, bad luck or something much bigger
Martin is Missing (Part 5)
Spirit Hunting/Randonauting live stream this Sunday at 4:00pm till around 12:00pm
Tell me why the fuck this creepy demon is stalking my when I look at a reflection
I did not expect this much blood...
The House that reaches Null.
Sooo... I'm being followed by.. Something
Ava Miller Is in Room 201 at the Starlight Motel
I thought he was the one - Part 6
We Saw A Clown In Our Yard
buds in quarantine come show some love
I think a cult is following me PART 1
This has me wondering about elephants
4/1/2020 6:30AM:It's supposed to be my birthday but somethings happened
There's a new guy in town and we don't like him
A kid in our town went missing, I'm the only one who knows what actually happend
My mom doesn't like my girlfriend
Magdalena: A Filipino horror story.
Be Careful What You Ask For (Part 2)
I Found an Old Medical Journal; It’s Handwritten and Terrifying
Woody *toy story*
The Maiden Shrine
I don’t think I’m the last person in the office.
My shower freaks me out.
The ghost ship
I'm a leaker, but the document I'm disclosing is banned from WikiLeaks. (part two)
CHANNEL 58 IS THEY KEY! LOOK THRU YOUTUBE TO SEE!
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle
Ive been stuck in the movie theater watching Rango for the past 10 years.
Theres a monster in my house, please help! (part 2)
I live in a tiny town in the mountains
trying to find this
I Think My Neighbors are Sick Chapter 4: Atlanta
Silent Murders
A Letter for the End (Part 1)
Someone or something was stalking me through NYC
I followed my brother through an old family mirror
I thought it was my imagination but I was wrong..
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange set of rules. (Part 3)
Not a story just a comment
The demonic entity in my home
A friend asked me to run his hotel. I shouldn't have agreed.
AneurysMiserY
The scarier stories are the true ones right?
‘Out of the box’
“Have you ever walked into a room and forgotten why you did? If this message goes through, please help me.” - SUBJECT LION CREEK ATTEMPTED COMMS &amp; AREA 582 GLITCH
I Never See Anything the Same Way Twice and It's All Because of a Stupid Suicide Attempt
What the &amp;$@! Happened!!
I unintentionally travel to other dimensions
Days
My name is Doctor Josiah Eversteen, and I was chosen for the first Brain Transplant. (Part One)
I Moved To A New Community, Here Are The Rules
I have a re-occurring nightmare.
Growing Season
Rule of Thirds.
I Downloaded A Game From A Shady Website
When my parents moved us to the country.
There is Someone Underneath My Bed
I only saw a man three times in my life, and I pray that I never see him again.
Sociopath
Someone smashed a jar at my door
Why my street has no more lights
My name is William Blithe, and I have 8 fingers left.
I've started having these dreams, I just can't seem to explain it.
My universe is gone now I'm trying To save yours
The Grief Drinker
gallows hill 10 // vessel
The Ancient War
I got a teddy from a stranger, and a list of rules for survival,,,, Nights 2 and 3
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin
The Demonolaters (part 2)
Our home (introduction)
Looking for an old post from nosleep (I think)
I've been selling my things online for nearly a year, and occasionally I get a really creepy customer.
She’s been standing by the window for ten years
RE: Status Update
I was home alone once when I was a kid
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children
The cries i heard were too familiar.
I was almost killed because of my over active imagination.
Luna is barking a lot, please help.
I kept a burner phone
Exit 24
Have you ever seen someone bleed out in space?
The time I swear that I saw a ghost.
It keeps me awake at night.
The name of a murderer is somewhere on your mind. What is your reaction when their name is spoken to you?
A Tormenting Spirit
The night I knew I should probably quit
Please read this if you dedicate your life to stealing. It might save you.
I used to think I was a good person
I Donated my Kidney to Save a Child, but I Wish I Could Take it Back
Through the Storm
Apathy Breeds Monstrosity
What have I become?
Mr. A
Fly
My Older Brother Paul
Waking up today was hard.
Make Your Wish
Everyone keeps dying around me. I tried grief counseling, but that ended up making things worse. (Part 2)
Lenora's Garden
Satan 2.0
All The Crying GirlsNoSleep Video Super
I Feel Your Soft and Bumpy Goosebumps While You’re Sleeping
I downloaded reddit just so I can read all the stories before sleeping lol
Someone has been trying to kill me for a year. Now I know why. Down the rabbit holeMy Mother's Demon
I keep seeing blue doors everywhere I go, I'm starting to think it isn't a coincidence.
None of You Can Write a Good Twist
A strange man just appeared in my house. And I just had to kill my best friend.. ( Part 3)
I am but a mannequin...
I Helped Create An App Called SeerAR. Please Never Download It.
Don't Go There At Night
I know there is someone else in my home
Under the Ground: I hate crawling around in dark holes, so of course I'd have to do it again
I will consume your young.
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself.
Walking the trails alone can end badly.
I was invited to the kitchen of the Extraordinary Excelsior. But I'm not allowed to eat the food
A drive into town
I hate Mother's Day. The cleanup is horrendous
Help me find someone. It's important.
Spirit Hunter Part 1 First hunt
The first time I met him was at a chili cook-off, where he was dishing out the most savory bowl of veal chili I’ve ever had.
Some guy has been looking into my house and trying to get in.
Where is he?
You dont know how much your Ex loves you
An Offer
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Acefeel White Gold Plated Pave Crystal Heart Charm Ring Rose Gold Plated Valentine's Day Gift
The last discussion
I find myself returning to the forest from my childhood in my dreams. It’s changed.
A YouTube Channel Run by a Puppet
The Door and the Dauber
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado?
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part six)
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 5: The End
I don't wake my husband
I broke into Area 51, I wish I hadn't..
A man named Soren
My terminally ill grandfather spoke of some men coming to visit him whom only he could see......
A weird thing floating above my house
check it out
The Red Barn (Part 1)
The Barbershop on Shiloh Avenue
I Have Insomnia, I'm Starting to Think its Something More
It's not the Mirrors
Summer in Suburbia
IMG_0013.jpg
Buzz buzz
A face you can’t remember
I Died And Came Across Terror Personified
Regret.
The Tattoo
I use 100% of my brain
Birth of the Demon from Mrs. Honeysickle's Home for the Unfortunate (Part 2)
My interesting relationship with a serial killer.
There's always been a ringing in my ears.
We just moved into a new house, And the former owners gave us a estrange set of rules ( Part 1)
Working at an amusement park: kiss, swallow, turn
I found this note on my phone after someone stole it and I needed to share it
The Lost Souls of Skeleton Island
I'm born blind but after getting a surgery to see again, something's not right
Night Hag
Yesterday I had 3 kids, today I have 4
I'm never going to my local shopping center at night again.
Painting the Sky
Misjudgment
My Earliest Memory is of Freezing to Death
I Feel Like I'm Not Alone Anymore...(Pt 1 The Face in the Blizzard)
In Mr. Hoffsetters Carnival you must follow these rules to ride
The Parable of the Visited
First the Wind now the Sirens
Is been years since u saw it and I'm still traumatised
I'll Never Trick or Treat Again
I work as a guard in a graveyard, I have a creepy set of rules EP 2
The house on the left
Horace knows the world
My horrorifying Pizza Delivery
I hate closets part 1
I Was Offered 100.000 Euros to Beta-Test a New Piece of Virtual Reality Technology - Part 2
My sister asked me to buy weird cosmetics that can't be bought from Nordstrom, Ulta ...
I have a racist neighbor that may have many secrets Part 1
My father is a repo man. Some people pay their debts in blood.
The Tree Man.
GOD ANSWERS KNEE-MAILIt all started with Mum eating detergent by the spoonful
Disney After Dark: Let There be Light...in Space Mountain
OPEN!.wmv
The Answerer - Part One.
She gave me anything my heart desired... it wasn't enough.
My Dad's Haunted House
I've Come Across a New Brand of Alcohol, Please Never Make My Mistake And Drink It. - It Will Ruin You
A Crash in the Storm.
The Red Door And The Cursed Necklaces
I'd always dreamed of death, but now as I experience it, I can only feel pain.
Sleep paralysis and Lucid dreams. MY EXPERIENCE
Room 1923: The Honeymoon Suite
My Friend has been acting strange. And i don't know what to do
I shuddered to imagine why those unholy creatures brought upon humanity's downfall and sometimes I wish i were to know how this happened... that is, until I saw the VHS: Pt 1
My House Wants me Dead(Part 2)
I NEVER BELIEVED IN AFTER-LIFE UNTIL I WITNESSED THIS
My mother made a deal with the devil now I'm suffering the consequences.
dont look outside on 20 November in the night i will explain why.......
My freinds are all dead and I almost went with them, I'm never going caving again.
Ghosts, Good Luck, and a Man Named Margaret
That thing looking through the window
The Boomer Purge (Part 1)
I've Encountered A Creature I Once Thought to be Mythical. I Regret Ever Going Outside.
The Legend of Tony The Tiger
I hunt the worlds monsters.
Twinkle twinkle little star...
Help! I’m stuck in a city of all women... The last person who had this job is dead
Fast asleep.
I'm A Sheriff In A Small Town That Ain't Quite Right
Smile
What if 2020 is the Trailer for 2021
A Demon-Killing Creature Is Stealing My Job (Part 1)
Confession of the night I became a familiar.
I Have Seen True Giants, and They Live Among Us.
It all started with Mum eating detergent by the spoonful
There are some rules when living next to the woods. Don't call your ex-wife when you've been drinking.
Near Death Experience Feeling?
I stole a sheep from the Baba Yaga. I have been punished accordingly.
Help. I’m so scared
I’m done with Airbnb
If Only She Wasn't A Dancer
White eyed woman
Just Your Average Serial Killer Story... With a Twist
I found a diary of my deceased relative recounting the events before her death. I think she was friends with a demon.What really ATTACKED our horses?
The Changing Rule - Granny's Pension #4
On Halloween, My Ex-Lover Confronted My Husband
Skin-Walkers
Susie
Gullible
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an incident at a middle school. (Part 8)
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Eight)
I’m sick but I think it might be something more, JOURNAL #1 repost
Under The Pale Eye
I think my parents are part of a cult (Part 1)
The music box
The Boss (Part 1)
Lost Dog (Part 3)
What exactly is 'it'?
Best "friends"
Fetch
Hi it's Ashely. Thank you for everything.
Not Your Regular Type of Zombie
My dog found his previous owner.
@famouschicken
I review community reports on a certain social media platform. Here's a report which I'll never forget.
The thief who wished to steal the world (Part 2) or: This little piggy went to the meat market.
I'm a therapist, and my patient is a sociopath who wants to have a conscience
Do Not Ignore the Feeling that You're Being Watched
We’re Interrupting Your Regular Scheduled Programming to Bring You This - One
I was put in a well with a dead body inside
Frame - Strolling Sally
My Freshman Year in College is One That I'll Never Forget
I work at a very popular vinyl record store that’s haunted... no one besides staff knows
The Phantom
Getting More Than I Bargained For
dundundun
BE WARY OF THE STREET PERFORMERS IN LEICESTER SQUARE, LONDON, UK.
New to reddit and I want to share three stories of ghosts. But I am a skeptic.
Never Trust Your Owners
Memories
The Wizard
Im a time traveler and ive got some stories to tell (part 2)
The failed ritual
Project "Lydiya"
I keep waking up to hangings
I been getting texts from my best friend...and there starting to scare me
Veal is tender. Human babies even more so.
The Hallway Hickler Part 1
I'm the police diver for Lake Murdock. I finally figured out what happened in 1956.
My Wisdom Teeth are Coming Through
misstez
I've heard the ///Bells of Yggdrasil/ / / and Its Roots are threaded through ///me
Skin in the Box
My mojo isn't for everyone
It happened so suddenly...Im still trying to process what had just happended
me right now
This is not your Typical 5 Drunk teenagers in a slasher Movie stuck in the woods Cliche (PT.1)
Derk met dn beer
I'm a manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 9)
The 44th Annual Field Day
22nd floor
It's Summertime, and my brother is crazy. (Part two)
Farmhouse Nightmares…
Tales From The Diner
We Killed Bobby Tanner
The infection of death and life
Her Gaze is Death
My Best Friend Was Laughing While Someone On Screen Was Being Murdered
Down the chimney
they’re back
As A Kid, I Used to Travel to Another Dimension. Its People Have Visited Me Again.
Something truly terrifying is following me around
I discovered a strange journal on an Arctic Expedition
Cure Your Snoring - Simple Solutions to Stop Snoring
I found a box in my mother's room, and of course, I opened it.
Dear Dad
Scary stuff at 11pm
DO NOT GO IN THE FOREST
I was laying in my bed asleep it was exactly 3am when I woke up I was half asleep but I could still here the faint tapping on my window there was no trees or anything around so I was freaked out then I heard my closet creek open then felt a wind then my dog started barking.... very creepy
Belle Bosque Part III always wake before the nightmare ends. Warning: Graphic Violence
Vent stuff
A Demon's Vessel?!
Audio File Name: tone250640775.mp3
I Stole a Laptop.
An emergency alert system played and now there are massive figures outside #1
I was looking for a Vampyr so I put an ad on Craigslist
I can see ghosts
/0/18/0
Please read this. I promise I'm not crazy. I just want to help. (Part 4)
Something is attached to me
My uncle holds a dark past in the occult
There is something in the woods of Wexford County, Michigan and I know it's not a dog.
The Epologue
I fix problems others can't. Occasionally I train dogs too. (Part 1)
The screams haunt me. What was that creature?
Cryptid
A very unique morgue in Brazil.
NEVER! Drop your TV Remote.
I recently got new glasses and I've been seeing weird things ever since
Momma Always Played the Lottery
Off the Grid
I had a dream my limbs became horribly misshaped, I'm afraid it's coming true.
The true story of my neighbor totoro
Birthday Party and Woods
My dog is my best friend
I woke up to my mother Over dosed.
Bonfire Night. (The Legend of Martin Janus.)
I've never been with a guy once in my life. It wasn't simply a 'bad luck'.
living the dark side of the supernatural; playing with fire.
Please do not accept this pendant.
Breaking and Entering
I found a mysterious box on my doorstep. But I never thought opening it would change my life forever.
My CoD Rival is Trying to Kill Me - Part 1
winter
After My Mother Died I Kept Seeing Her Face In The Mirror Instead Of Mine (Update)
I buried my cat for a second time.
I was nervous to go to Afghanistan, but what happened in Kyrgyzstan made me question everything.
The Famine Has Come Crawling Back.
I Think Somebody Tried to Break Into my House
Digital Apparition
Someone or something followed me back from the forst
I Worked in the Prodigy Haunted House for Four Years
What happens if you had to write the rules?
The Horned Man: Part 2: Am I being followed?
Short but creepy
If You See One, Stay Away. Don't End up like Me.
What is that!
A Night Around the Campfire
I Live in an Apartment Building for People in Supernatural Danger, Last night I had to Help my Roommate Fulfil her Deal with a Demon.
I’m convinced my college is a very well organized cult.
Manila Gothic: The Origin
The Haunted Guitar
Working in a Prison can come with some Rules. I am the guy writing the ones for my facility.
I tried lucid dreaming, it wasn't worth it.
Lorelei
My kidnapper just left the door open because he knows I cannot leave...
While working as a game tester, I found a disturbing video game that was never released.
I Can't Stop Shaving
I'm fleeing the moon base Selene because something is killing people - Just now
The man's ad offered $5,000 dollars to sit in a chair and stare at him.
It was no man who shook my hand.
Never fish at night
The Little Boy
A Beautiful Sea View
There’s something in the woods behind our house (part II)
I'm about to burn the family cabin down, because my grandpa is turning into a rat and the trees hate me...and I just really need your support right now. (December 6)
My mom came back
body swap
Sorry, it's not personal
Stories From the Ward
I got a job at a lighthouse. The rules are simple... part 1
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 8
.
Google Maps kept trying to send us to some random location.
A Girl's Story (2)
I bought a graveyard
I work for The Corporation. Here's what happened that night. (Part 4)
I wish I never saw it, because now I can’t unsee it
Taming The Surreal Mind Part 1
A Short Study of William Harding
I met my fate in a bathroom stall
Geckohead
How I spent my Saturday night.
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard.
Now that you’ve heard about a radio show called the Everlasting Man, maybe it’s time to forget all about it?
You really should read this for your own good
The Penthouse
The Difference Between Daisies And Roses
Have you ever heard about a radio show called The Everlasting Man?
The Nuclear warhead tests on Bikini Atoll weren't tests...
The missing kids.
Hey, I’ve Hypnotized the Drum Major and Now the Band is Disappearing.
I'm a security guard hired to protect an estate, The forest has eyes
"You can't see the Forest for the trees."
The Ark
(My first try animated a horror story) I've Been Working for Disney, and I've Got Some Stories to Tell - by P.F. McGrail (byFelsDisciple)
I've been to Hell and came back alive
A night at the bar
Most of my life I’ve worked in the woods...
Why Use Disclaimers?
I had an interview for a new job
The cult in black
the grim reaper looking ghost
It seems stupid at first, but I could not get my water.
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason.
Rules of the Night.
i used to go in the forest. know i wonder what i did in there
I'm a grievance counsellor helping the recently deceased. My colleague isn't the only one experiencing things out of the ordinary...
There's A Serial Killer On The Loose
a man chased my sister's friend
A warning
What scared me at the haunted trail i used to volunteer at.
A terrible vengeance.
Have you any idea if drug buyers guide is reliable or otherwise ?
I Learned How to Lucid Dream, but the People Inside My Dreams Keep Begging Me to Wake Up
Why did I camp alone
My dad was accused of several murders that he didn't commit, but I don't think anyone will believe me if I tell them who really did it
New and improved posting guidelines!
Shocking
Who or What Was He?
My Experience With The Testing Game
The Veil Is Widening
The Black Blobs Part 2
Any advice appreciated on how to get rid of a stalker.
I just got mugged by a clown.
My sister went missing in the mountains 3 years ago. Today I received her voicemails.
Welcome to Paprika - Part 2
The thing of Edinburgh
I opened an old library book. A cry for help fell out.
My grandmother warned me about painting my nails red. I didn't listen and now I have to pay the price. Pt.2
My neighbourhood has turned into a place of horror
Be weary run if you see it
The Sheriff of our small, Louisiana town went into the Swamp yesterday. He hasn't returned.
am I in hell?
I Think Travis Scott Terrorizing Me
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules.
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods (2)
We are hotboxing the entire world with global warming.
They called him The Ratman. How does he sleep with no eyelids?
The T-Shirt Shop
The Dog Man of Vegreville
There are strange creatures coming out of the woods... they think they're human. It Gets Weirder (Part 7)
The Shroud of Turin
Extra curricular
How I got lost in target
I'm a nurse. I was just asked to kill my patient
Please send help, I’m stuck in my room!
Door-to-Door
I have a ghost for a manager
I'm being stalked by.....myself?
The Battle of Weiburg
It wasn't sleep paralysis
My Real Family
Florida is Worse Than They Say
Witch is worse
Things are weird before my birthday
I'm a Philly Cop and my friend killed a house part 3
I'm a theoretical physicist and we found out that everything happens. Everything.
Lunchable
I finally did it
I Hate Mornings
Good Vibrations from a Park Ranger
Queens hospital quarantine, part 2
Was it a dream
Intense dreams
I Think My Old School is Haunted.
My doctor is possessed Part 1
Need a ride? part 1
The Office
I'm an (ex) urban explorer, this time I found more than I bargained for.
My dad's been drugging me
Lost Dog (Part 4)
The Duck
I went to Career Day months ago. Now I work at an underground burger joint.
Think twice before entering r/nosleep.
Forbidden places in the woods
The watchers
We Are The Ants.
I wanna find a nosleep story about a guy who finds an old mask in his Granfathers stuff
There was no hope to begin with
Then, she opened her eyes
The man in my dreams isn't just in my dreams
Back in the old days, we had a strange job. Subject #11
Ticket to Normal Town
Ladders have been appearing in strange places around my college.
I wish I could have just stayed asleep
"Please don't call me anymore, please"
I don't know what's happening
A teaser for the insomniac
Sirens
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
The Handyman
I'm a contract killer.
There's Something Wrong With My Daughter, And It Just Got So Much Worse
The Replacement (Part 1)
Moss man
I can't outrun the wind (part 1)
I will not sleep for the day
The things in White Hills: The fairies dance in a fountain of man’s tears.
I was terrorized by an undead chicken sandwich.
So there's this voice mail...
Three Friends Diner
The Scariest Political Ad I’ve Ever Seen
Burn fat and heal overnight with no change in diet and exercise
I took a job as a Medical Center Security Guard and I found some extra rules, I won't forget what happened next. (Possible part 1)
My Parents Wanted Me To Join The Family Business. I Didn’t Want To, But I’m Not Alone Anymore
I couldn't sleep and was transported somewhere outside this dimension (I Think...)
You should smile more
I'm trapped
Super Mario 606
I Think I Broke It
The Hospital Documents
He was taboo
They made me the most intelligent human alive, and now They want to destroy me.
Toy Store
In The Pale Court of the Bolton Strid
Ontario's Nuclear Warning Was Not A Mistake
Did I just fucking die? Well, yes and no.
I'm alone, but I'm not.
There's someone else in that house.
Note for my parents.
Belle Bosque (Part II)
Don’t buy the cheap quick action gun safe off amazon. Serious.
Reflection
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 3)
I thought my copy of Animal Crossing was glitching. The truth was much worse.
WTF is going on?
2 sentence ghost story competition
A top secret experiment left me with no recollection of my previous life. (Part 3)
He's been watching me for 7 days now, a ceaseless watcher
Years ago the Queen Mary came into port near me, my wife wanted to go but I refused, she insists I tell you why...
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours part3
The Godawful Noise
Why I don't strip at bachelor parties anymore
The missing friend
Some of us are meant to suffer
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. I've discovered where they're going.
Jenna/Julien nosleep podcasts
The Lonely Road
I just got a phone call from the weirdest number.
I think my condition saved my life...
My brother is a hoarder and I’m cleaning his house - PART 1
Challenge your beliefs
My teacher doesn't ever leave my school. I think I just found out why.
Hailing Cove
DON’T TRY THIS AT HOME !
There's something wrong with site Zulu. (update 3)
I miss my dad... he's not the same
Don't let the last light go out
Does anyone else remember when Fox News tried stealing the leap day off this year?
Of My Eyes (Part 1)
Purchasables
I know what's going to happen when I die...and I'm afraid
Pull
Not Having A Soul Is Causing Me To Have Panic Attacks
Is my house being haunted?
Salt of the Earth, Part 4: War is Hell
Update on my Problem Property
i think i might be killed soon.New to the Neighborhood
There Are No Aliens At Area 51. Don't Go. It's A Trap.
Dreams To Escape(Part 1)
When the Costa Concordia sank, I was sent to retrieve a package; I wish I hadn't.
Death Isn’t Very Polite
An old guy hired me to manage his life-sized dollhouse. Down with the Bull Men where nobody goes...
Voyager 1 come back with something
I’m not proud of this.
There’s been a chemical spilling in my area and now people in town went batshit crazy, myself included.
All my friends are dying
I'm not sure I like this motel.
Sleep paralysis occurs only in the one's who are ready for the final judgement.
The marriage from Hell
A Mimicked Cry
Simon and the Gate to Hell
Thanksgiving dinner (November special
Night Journal Day 1
12:18 pm, anyone up?
I ate the last slice of Pizza and now I'm in Hell.
Something happened 65 million years ago, and I need your help to stop it! PART 2/3
I was hired to investigate portals to other worlds: Officeworld
I know things. By things I mean that I know the future. Part 3
12 years ago, my Father killed my family. Now I know why.
I bought drugs from the dark web, now I'm being hunted down.
The girl in the rain
CHUCKY
My hometown was probably full of ghosts and I think I may have been the only one other than my friend who knew.
Hopefully nothing spooky
Part One
A Day's Production Of Madness
I was playing hide and seek with friends during a school auction, but the seeker found his demise
I Killed a Man With a Shovel, But I Think He is Still Alive
Those Left For Dead
What Happened To "Best Friend" That Hired Me To Kill Myself?
I’m stuck in an endless train. (Repost)
Hells Gatekeeper
A match made in heaven
They told me I was evil, but I never understood why
Nourthmourn, W.I.P
I prank unsuspecting guests on the Dark Web for fun, my last prank may cost me my life.
The old crooked lady
The Orphanage for Unfortunate Children: Bella the Shadow
My dog is immortal, and we share a connection that defies scientific explanation
I stole a pair of enchanted shoes. Now I'm paying the price.
HORROR YOUTUBE CHANNEL FOR SALE!
143 - part 1
For a price, I will be your friend for a day. This morning, someone paid me to be their enemy.
One two three four five six
Euro Bp - You do not even kow we exist
I have achieved 100% lucid dreaming, i wish i didnt.
There Was A Poltergeist Living In My House
Memories- The witch’s saga (Part 3)
There something in my closet.
The Haunted House Affair
If I could do it all different
I am ******, your virtual assistant. How can I help you?
Cultists of the campus
The Grass
Almost bought a haunted house
The Black Pills Part 11
I wandered into the wrong town
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 12)
Every Day I Wake Up As Someone Else. Every Night He Comes For Me.
The Oregon Woods.
Who the hell is woody
The girl on the side of the road
A creature visits me at night, it has no face
I'm being followed by something.
If I killed someone for you
A spider crawled into my ear one year ago
A photograph from my laptops webcam of me laying in bed using the laptop was shoved under my door tonight
The Black Maw
Trying to stay quiet....
Never look away from a mirror, you don’t know what stares back, you can feel it when it’s there.
My lab is home to something that shouldn't exist (Part 2)
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country (Final, with photos)
a scary night
The Hiroshima Shadows Roam At Night
Clone-#v457
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. Final
I changed dimension again
A mirror that likes to chew
I️ think I️ opened a portal to hell...
My company brings back the dead.
Overnight camping: the end. (Final.)
Do you hear him?
Worst poker that i've ever played.
SECRETS a short story
They’re coming...
a very unlikely rescue.
I never should have questioned where I learned to whistle.
Forever 40
Tick Tock Mr Clock
Death sent moths to my aunt
Requiem For The Horror Narrator
Every Morning I Have To Cut My Tail Off
Has anyone else ever entered the giant hole in their dreams? Does anyone know what’s happening?
He was inside.
If an angel asks you to come with them, run away! The omen
They Just Want To Play
My blood is spiders, and the doctors can't figure out how
My bedroom constantly smells like farts that aren’t mine, but I live alone
Ariana’s concert
The Sealed Room
Water Monster
The reason I don’t sleep
On the way to my childhood home, I realised that the road I was on to take me there, was a terrifying portal into the unknown. (Part 2)
I was replaced by a better version of me
I’ll Always Love June
Ever Since My First Encounter With A Paranormal Apparition, Unnatural Things Have Continued To Affect Me.
Aljanu
Sure, Jan. (Part Two)
Seraphina
Together
Security logs from a haunted asylum
Taken - Part 1
Long Way Back
My dog has gained one pound a day for the past two weeks.
Swamp Thing
Individual #02 - The Killer of Antaridge
My Great Great Grandfather Performed Over 20 exorcisms. I Found His Journal.
Stay away from abandoned construction sites in the woods
Bits and Pieces
I stayed up too long on reddit
If I fart in a jar and feed it to my neighbors will I become president?
Valentine’s Day Gift Guide (Personalized)
My Neighbor won’t stop singing Christmas Carols Part 2
The Pact; Sometimes Words are Thicker than Blood
Sneezed twice in quick succession
Patient Z
"You're Next"
It stood above the bridge
I crossed between worlds of souls and earth.
I Bury the Living...
I run a museum of cursed objects. I'll tell you about the road sign.
We have been in driving in a tunnel, I think it goes on forever
Strange Encounter... Wendigo?The Shadows in my Bedroom
I think something visited me.
Ghosts of the Triangle Hunt Club
The mannequin at the shopping mall moved part 1/
Evil spirit laughing
Something terrible came with the rain
I saw 1.09441 square centimeters of a girl’s shoulder
I tried shifting realities and got stuck in the middle PART TWO
can anybody find this episode of tom and jerry
I Met My Future Self
A vision
My stalker is outside my house, staring at me, right now (1 / 3)
I saw a skinwalker in my house. In gonna be in my safe room for a while
Something isn't right.
We’re selling our haunted house (part 1)
I found someone inside your head.
Damnfreakytvcultthing.mp3
The Peculiar Outbreak on East Timber Parkway
Navigating Insanity
Glasses (short)
I Don't Have Sleep Paralysis
The Crystal &amp; The Demon By Brett Harper
I joined a group of dangerous people, part 1 (damned if you do)
Rotting Noir
Why my father went into the woods.Down to the liquor store
I swallow death.
I think I got raped in my sleep
Trypophobia Consumed my Life
My original christmas horror
If You're Ever in Southern Utah, Make Sure You Stay Close to the Road
I don’t wear this for myself. I wear it for you.
My parents secret recipe
I feel so alone
I (20f) just left my boyfriend (22m) over probably a stupid reason. I need someone else’s judgement please!
Death by dream
Misfires
That box was something else
October 2020 Winners!
I have weird neighbors.
I took a neat rabbit skull (true story)
The Holder of Eternity
It was buried for a reason
I've been to hell, here's my story.
What I found in the woods behind my house....
I saw a ghost, kidnapper, murderer at my apartment.
It’s hard to see them dead.
FEAR
I Woke Up and Everything Has Changed
Former Medic here, sharing my creepiest stories from the job
Le spectre (spectrum)
I'm a custodian. I don't think it's supposed to ooze out of the walls like that.
The House At The End Of Sunny Lane
The Screams From Below
Iroichi: A Samurai Ghost Story
I’m not afraid of the dark. I’m afraid of what’s in it.
The Uncanny Return to Earth
Deal of the Jackal
I was inducted into a cult that worships memes.
My Night Terrors Are Killing Me
My first time seeing a doppelganger, but realized it was a different child with the same clothing...
The Hiking Man
whose blood?
theres a hole in my wall.
Obslirqflk
There’s something the parents didn’t tell me about the kid I’m babysitting
The Curse OF The MANIPULATOR
Don’t Preach To Me
Mesmeria
I worked in a video shop.
Room 1213: Where my Mother went to Die
The Charon's Call
Someone’s trying to break in
Has anyone else heard of the running man?
I Swear Something’s in My Room With Me Tonight
Cult Town Horror Story pt.2 for your halloween entertainment during the night...
I decided to work as a baby sitter, never again.
Something is wrong with my Amazon Echo. I have video footage.
Unexplainable. Just read it.
I was hired to kill a child rapist and I found a child but it wasn’t a child at all Part 1
Have you heard the beep? Part 2
The Catacomb Investigation
Every time I cut, a person who did me wrong suddenly dies.
I found an unopened letter in my mom's attic after her funeral. I shouldn't have read it.
Just out With the Guys
The Loneliest Psychic In The World
The Green Kids
How to Raise the Dead
I made this Creepypasta and I’m waiting or it to be accepted... But... Something is using it to hurt me...
Have you ever heard of Mimics?
My Aunt breaks my Ouija Board and pays the price (conclusion)
The Man In Red
I work at a very wealthy bank, the set of rules i had to follow was not worth the pay -part2
My father was not who he said he was.
SPATULAMANCY - Subject KT, patient record 215
Compilation of reports regarding the incidents at Broken Hill - Part 2: Jesse (Part 2)
I survived the night, so here’s a story
My sister went missing four years ago.
Never accept art commissions past 12 am if you want to remain on this world
Eye See You
No need to worry about him anymore
Rule #1 about Purgatory: Don't Ask About the Babies
::OPSCENUS&lt;//
The Pale Ones - My First Time Spelunking (Part 2)
Life after pets
Where are the real freaks?
Scream - Episode 1
I Just Woke Up And I Don't Know Who I Am
I can't sleep, any medical reasons?
Yesterday I woke up to find my friend impaled on the top of an 80-foot tree. Now I can’t shake the feeling that I’m somehow next.
The Speck
It's just dark web, Can something go wrong? Yes!
The Journal of Dr John de Jager (2nd entry)
Missing Person Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019
I’m competing in a regional swim meet, and I’m worried that there’s something waiting for me in the water.
I'm trapped in my house being forced to read War and Peace
You never know who people really are - Shattered Dreams
I'm BURIED AT SEA and need warn you before I run out of air (day one of three)
There was nothing left of us.
To whoever is reading this, there isn’t much time
I had the greatest battle with Lucifer himself which ended up shattering the alternate reality in Hell (Part 1)
Everything Is Perfect
I Will Surely Die TonightI am not a killer (part 3)
Every thirteenth of the month, a new apartment appears in my building
Our local flower shop has the best cashier
Things haven't been the same since my mother-in-law moved in.
My name is E9r0r and i think im being followed by something not human.
The locals in my town are disappearing because of the entity’s (Part 1)
You See A Lot of Strange Things When You Work As A Photo Developer
The next time you have deja vu keep this in mind
My beautiful paintings.
Something is happening to my body
From One Mother to Another
A friend I remember seemingly never existed.
The black cat
Weird things are happening today
Open Me, Or Else
The State Hospital is cursed like the rest of the county. For fifty years it reigned as Hell on Earth.
I started a podcast named The Mystery Seekers. Please check out my first episode and don't be too harsh in the coments.
I was dreaming?
When I close my eyes
I Decided To Google My Parents... And I Couldn't Believe What I Found
My Name Is Scott Blue and Billy Ray Cirus is a Cannibal.
A meteor was supposed to hit the earth adn kill us all. Two days ago.
The Night
On this episode
Kids
I’ll leave this here
Explain please.
Help me find Violin Hill Audio Retelling
It Likes You
The owners of the resort I'm staying at have coins for eyes - Part Four
Camping Gone Wrong
Bagels
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: Uncle Crazy and the Things that Return
My Last Letter
The thing in my dream is real
Don't feel sorry for me
I was sent to find a missing person in the yellow stone park, but what I found shouldn't biologically possible | Pt. 2 |
I need help planning a second date/amicable breakup with a Tinder date I ghosted
Help a demon is haunting me at night
The Watcher.
The Incident At Serpents Shadow
I think there’s someone in my house
My BIL and I got together and made our assholes kiss
The Spinner
Does anyone else do magic tricks? Something went horribly wrong with this trick I found online.
The Red Pumps? Or the Black?
My family owns a resort where the rich hunt people for sport; today I gave the prey a special weapon.
My Best Friend has Bad Dreams and I Can't Escape Them - Part 2
Something about my last date was wrong...
I am an arctic researcher for the United States. I don't even know who the imposters are anymore.
No sleep...
Mr. Tine
Not all box forts make you feel safe as a kid
My local theater screened a film called “Mr. Blank”. Everybody who's watched it has now disappeared.
I'm a priest. I discovered purgatory is a place you visit many times before death.
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (finale)
Salt of the Earth, Part 2: Far and Away
Immortality isn’t a good thing
pack of rats
Close your vents. Or it will be waiting to make you join it inside.
I Investigate Disturbing Cases: Here Are My Stories - The Hermit
There's someing in the woods across the lake
Confessions of the only Late-Night Radio Host on this Empty Island
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: No words
I came home from college for the weekend to find a entity in my crawl space
When I sleep, I see nothing but death.
Looking for older post about home intruder
Does the Moon Still Drip? (Part 1)
Family Ties
In two hours, I will be kidnapped and die in front of hundreds of people because of my stupid curiosity.
The Christmas Rituals (Part 1)
The Backwards people
When I play music, the smell of blood follows
Boy By The Sea
Grandma
Hell's Dance: The Story of Michael Part 2
Yet Another Interruption To Your Scheduled Programming - Two
Am I normal?
There's something living in my rib cage. (Part I)
My childhood best friend went missing when we were sixteen. Eleven years later, three thousand miles away, I found his mittens in an abandoned cabin near my home.
POOLJUNKIEdo u want a high quality pod narrating ppl’s scary stories?
I hate uneven numbers and now I’m paying for it
To Fix A Baby
I made a racy video, and I discovered a horrible secret about my past
*altered beast demon* part 1
Something is watching me.
The Erlking never leaves his children.
Mirror Mommy
The Secret of Mariana Gulch
I can’t remember the last time I had sleep paralysis
The man in my dreams is stalking me
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 6)
6 hours ago I made contact with another human. 4 hours ago I made contact with aliens.
Guys my mom took away my XboxOne Controller and I cant play fortnite cause I sold her baby on the black market!
I think I’m stuck in a loop in my hospital bed.
My sick and twisted Nightmare (Real)
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 8)
Behind those doors
As I struggle to properly mourn my deceased wife, she somehow returns to me...
"Depression"
Some found writings about a lake and it's thirst for blood:
Under the Ground: It's not just what's in the tunnels. I'm also afraid of my colleague.
The mystery caller
Riverdale
!PAY ATTENTION!
T o m a t o
What I found inside a truck was truly terrifying pt2
My New House Had Some Strange Rules - The Shower
It's Your Turn!
I can feel the pressince of a spirt and when a person asked my about their brother I got a vison i cant forget.
Log 23
Ghost bikes
That's not my sister
All I Needed Was a Room...
My horny grandmother is ruining my relationship
There’s something in my closet.
What I saw in my roommate’s room was...aj1bwcx12k
My best friend led me through seven layers of hell part 1
Songs of Yggdrasil (my brother's journal pt.3)
War is Hell, This is how I was saved by an Angel
There is something happening in an alley near to my house
Breaking News
I Took My Dog Out At Night... I Don't Think He Came Back With Me
New Year's Eve, 1996 Part I
Alone in a dark city street
Loch Lomond
How to Become a Motivational Speaker for Murderers
Camille wasn't herself yesterday
I started to notice my cat kept staring at me, but when I looked closer she was staring slightly past me.
I tried to sneak by my neighbors after they had a fight, but I found something else
How to Disappoint Your Parents and Accidentally Become a Demon Lord
Being hero gone wrong.
A very sexy encounter.
My life as.. me (installment one)
I Took My Guitar To A Crossroads, To Sell My Soul To The Devil...
Red dirt is all over my clothes
The Government is Beginning The Apocalypse
I doubt you know if drug buyers guide is legal or otherwise ?
A Nightmare Come True (Part 1 of 2)
My mother told me not to go to that house
Ive been hearing guitar sounds during the night
She who created me
Into the Reklaw (Part 1)
I Wish You All Could See What I See
There's something in my attic and it scares me.
Prank That Went Horribly Wrong
Someone is sending me my son’s fingers - Part one
The BunnyMan
Crystal infection
Working in the old courthouse after dark
How to become invisible
GAGuqbdgd Bitnse Ya8jry
I don't know what's in my attic, and I'm too scared to check.
Tap, Tap, Tap
I think I found my best friend’s kidnapper on tiktokA Hitchhikers Tale
My Wish
Stories from a line cook, chapter 2 finale
I took part in an experiment, I would never go backThe Story of the Undead Chungus
Please do not fuck with Bloody Mary (trigger warning, drug abuse)
Skydiving: My Final Jump
400mg Dramamine
Tony and Harold
I have tried to share this haunted subreddit twice but been downvoted. Maybe this is the right place to share it.
Don't trust anyone just run.
I'm in an IRL creepypasta
Weaver Manor
There are Vampire Porn-Stars in my basement, and I think they're killing somebody.
I played Charlie Charlie and it accually worked
Does anyone have the picture of the pig man?
The Contagion Coverup
Heaven files - audio/Adrian Goldheart #1
Accounts from an Emergency Medical Technician
Everything is just Black
Bloodless Vivisection
A Confession From a Diary of a Friend of Mine pt. 2
I never should have painted on top of that hill... (Part 1)
IF ANYONE THINKS THAT FOOD HAS BEEN TASTING WEIRD PLEASE READ
Inspector Javert and Captain Ahab
MUTTER (Part 2)
The Stranger
Mr. Twenty-Nine
Don’t Look Up The 1995 Build Of Super Mario 64
Her name is Lily. My name is Kat.
Headphone static
Lino the Talking Lion™
An Eye for Why?
Dear Cindy,
The Break In
Barney's Transformation
I don't know what's happening in the woods.
Hand Holding
The best sex, made effortless.
We saw him outside... we were horrified when we took a closer look...
We Clean up Scientific Mistakes - Part 2
In a city named Liverpool
I think my neighbor is stalking my wife and I.
My students will not stop trying to prank m
I Am Pretty Sure I Am Immortal And It's A Fate Worse Than Hell.
I found medical documents in that abandoned outpost
Asur
The apartment complex I live in has scary rules that the tenants must follow. I made a terrible mistake. Part 4
The Three Door Bunk (Part 1)
The Virginia house
Anyone knows a real sub for people that don't sleep? I'll delete this post after
I'm in a IRL creepypasta
Oh htank god a signal
I think I'm stuck in a time glitch and my life is falling apart. Please help me.
Dugal
Tales of a Tooth Fairy
The funniest thing to me
There are things in the woods
If all goes to hell head east at all costs
My Husband Ordered A New Daughter
Dreaming of Heaven and Hell
What’s your scary “this stays between us” story?
Hell Hounds of Hamm
We didn't mean for this to happen *Part 2*
My Sister and I Bought Some Property - Friday and Saturday...
Saylors tapes (part one)
Just a pair of legs.
A distant relative left me their house. I received a strange letter outlining a set of rules I had to follow. The first night. (Part 2)
Warzone Memes
My Friends Were All Murdered
The year is 2222, your name is Nabila and you need to wake up!
Final Thoughts
If you go in the woods and you come across a lone woman, ignore her. Even if she knows your name.
My uncle is in a psychiatric hospital. He used to tell me 'They will come back!' I am now so close to finding out who or what he was talking about... Is this the truth? Or just the ramblings of the mentally ill?
Interview with a suspected Weeping Bill survivor.
My favorite canvas
What should you do if a demon asks you out? Asking for a friend.
Possible Skinwalker/Wendigo Encounter
I found a creepy note in the woods
Any Connections...?
My parents live in a town called Wicce, and they're pretty strange
Oi am so tired, and de baby won't stop croiyin'
Never try to find the voice.
I was dead. Skin resistant to punctures
I thought I had merely experienced the best trip of a life time, but I was gravely mistaken
Why I don't go in guest rooms
I steal bones and artifacts for a living; There's a huge opportunity in the South Pacific (Part 1)
A lady has been following me since I was a child
My inner self is getting stronger than my own self
We weren't alone in that house
The last time I babysat this family
I Heard A Voice Down There
Help! Our daughter is multiplying!
I am a Banker for the Afterlife. One of My Assistants is Dead, and it's My Fault.
The Truth About Black Aggie Revealed: It Isn't Just a Statue.
Don't save them
The Devil is speaking to me in my sleep. He's fucking intense.
I thought I found an empty house while trail riding, it wasn’t exactly empty
HELP
This is MY house!
I survived an appocalipse, that never happend.
If the number 911 calls you do not answer
I’m being haunted by the song ‘here comes the sun’ by the Beatles
Maybe I've underestimated the sounds in my house
r/nosleep is looking for new mods!
My long-distance girlfriend wanted to video-call me, now I hear tapping on my window
I don't understand anything anymore
The face in the moon is mocking me
i saw it again
I never belived in slavic legends. But one came true.
The Skies were never meant to be for us
The 9 Lives of Happy Jack - His First
my first friend:)
Sweet Boy
Never Follow The Signs
Something about my wife is wrong. Advice?
A Devil on Sunday
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus
Am I going crazy, or did Eve perform an exorcism?
The girl in white
I’m a Crytid Hunter and my last mission was in Nahanni Valley
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. I need your vote - there's a poll in the post. Please.
Kyle's Channel: Part Two
A Reading of The Crooked Lady...
All I Saw Was Red
Help me find a story
If a man dressed in a trench coat walks up to your convenience store at 7:06 PM, quit your job immediately.
Century
The Figure and Other Encounters (True Story, I Promise!)
I work at a zoo.
My gay best friend has been acting very, very strange:
People Wash Up on the Shore of my Island Community. It’s my Duty to Kill them Before they Wake Up.
When I was abducted by aliens, invasive probing was the least of my worries.
I’m a new ranger for the US Forest Service and I’m nervous about some strange things that have been going on lately.
My 2015 experience.
Grandma's 911 Calls: Finale
There’s a crack in the sky.
I took a job cleaning my local cemetery at night. I really wish I hadn't. Final.
I Need Your Help To Find My Daughter...| Part 1 |
The reoccuring man
Lotteries are a trap for time travelers
I woke up with a different identity, and the world isn't the same
Does anyone remember a TV channel called 'Beneath The Static?' (Part 3)
Special fx make up artist, looking for work
Calls from the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
Never Go For A Walk In The Woods. Especially Alone
The Maddening of Man
The Red Brick House on Academy Avenue
something is playing music
If you see an ad for DreamBody, ignore it
My True Story
Announcementtt
Probably a bear
I'm a correctional officer at an underground prison. I think the warden is up to something.
“STOP YELLING, OR NO TALKING”
At The Bottom Of Lake Lura There Is A Feast
The Killing House
The Man Who Followed...
“Hey. Are you awake?”
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Part 05I just moved into a new house and found a little girls letters to Santa, they are disturbing.
I first asked god what the problem was
The Casino
The Alaskan Triangle
Sacrifices to Kali come with a price
The haunted room
If you're reading this right now this may be the last post I ever make.
the smiling girl in white.
The pig men
Four horsemen
Room 985: The Men.
Im so sorry
The Sadist's Escape Room
I was born on Christmas. That makes me different.
I think somethings living in my ceiling
The Pine Lodge Drive In Has Some Amazing Previews
Code Adam
A Dreamless Sleep
The Death of Me
Something happened to my brother (1)
I was warned not to go into the mine behind my grandfathers house, i should have listened
Creepy guy gave my friend a weird drawing while we were hanging out
I Am Afraid of the Dark
"A Ride from a Stranger"
The Faces
Lisa
There are eyes in my closet
THE SCISSORMAN
Don’t sing how many miles to Babylon to your kids
The Room That Shouldn’t Be There. Part Two.It's Been Too Long
My friend sent me a creepy message some years ago.....
Aliens.. part 1
I bumped into a strange person and their dog last night. I just found out it wasn't a dog.
Monk Hill - CreepyCollaborative
I am right, I am. Believe me, please. I don’t have much time left...
Don't look at the mirror
I met something while hiking in Maine with my Friends
The Lady On The Bus
I found a journal on my doorstep. No one has ever written in it twice.
I woke up in a plastic town
my brother has been missing for three days now
I can't wake up.
My whole neighborhood turned on me.
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job. (Day 1)
Everybody around us is melting. (PART 1)
Sleeping Summers
The Ichor On The Small Plate
Its Watching ME
Pretty Sure He Killed His Ex-Wife, and Got Away with it Pt 2
The Karang Guni Man
I just found a secret base underground, right beneath the trees inside the forest
I don't know where I am and I need your help getting back to my dream
an ‘well known’ horror story (part 1)
Molly
Anyone know any extremely scary CreepyPastas?The Stalker (poetry)
I got a job as night security on a train. I'm gonna die on this train (Part 3) story by - not_neccesarily
Tommy Teacher
waking up scared
Mom Came Home, Dad Didn't
I keep running simulations to find one where I don’t murder you
My friend's house was broken into and she was killed. Worried my family might be next. True story.
Burn, Baby, Burn (Prologue)
Our Mailwoman Is A Nice Lady
Is Anywhere Safe for Me?
I Moved “Homes”
I found a stain on my floor
Video game horror.
I fear my treasured vintage violin may be haunted
Everybody is Lying
L
A true story about a dream I had.
Just drove 8 hours home sick as hell. Fell into a deep sleep around 6PM. Woke up thinking it was 2 or 3 AM. Its only 9:19 PM.....
A Documentation of the Weird Events in my Corner Store (Pt. 3)
I was kidnapped to be part of a research study Part Two
I paid an agency to help fake my own death. It didn't go as planned.
There is something in the plumbing and I think it is a bird... (PART 1)
Night terrors or visions (part 1, next post 2 days or sooner)
The Day of The Market Fair or Why you should always leave flowers for your loved deceased ones
I will never go back....
My Town is Just Weird.
It has been fourteen days since the lights flickered
The woods pt 1
The Paddock |
I'm Starting to Regret Taking This Job
My sister won't sleep. (Part 1)
My name is Grayson Crane and this is how I met a teller witch in the Louisiana swamps
I Got Kicked Out of College and Now I Live in a Haunted House (Part 2)
My Best Friend Is A Serial Killer
has anyone seen the lost episode of peppa pig
Snowflakes.
My local homeless man broke in to our house.
The Strange Wailing
Some buildings need to stay abandoned
A - part 1
My boyfriend won't let me see my friends anymore
The Eyes. A fictional story
I Didn't Believe in the Paranormal. I should have.
I Can't Run Forever
The River of Blood, Part 1
FUCK NO SLEEP BAN ME MOTHER FUCKERS!
us owns everything
Wrath of Boston
$500 Cash App Giveaway
One of many nightmares
A Bomb Was Dropped In The Heart Of Town. There Might Be Something That Survived The Blast. Part 1.
The Taxi Cab.
Have you ever wondered what's inside a mausoleum?
I Miss The Demon Who Possesed Me
My boyfriend
The sound under the floor
I think a kid tried to drown me at a party, and I think I almost died.
How to Survive in a Horror Movie
Unexplained Phone Calls
My childhood best friend became my mortal enemy
Nobody noticed him die- But I did... And I walked away
A murder of crows is ruining my life.
The detective - Dark web
The Fighter Pilot - upon his own death approaching
I've been a detective for over 30 years. The Jane Smith case has come back to haunt me
The bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 3)
The woman in my room
A ghostly real estate shoot??
My father's NDA expired and I figured out what his job really was.
Ten years ago I killed myself. The Devil gave me a second chance at life. (Part 3)
The Final Joke
I'm the caretaker of a labyrinthine prison. Our newest inmate isn't what I expected.
Is it possible for there to be an underground tunnel built to my basement
I heard my brother die. I don't think that's the worst part.
The Video That Haunts Me
One by One
The House of Windows
Spiritualist: Exploration notes of the past
Pest Control - Ground Floor (Part I)
Friend or foe
The door squeaked
Til Death Do Us Part
I'm a Sonic car hop, but I keep the speaker live after people order. (part two)
There’s a shard breach in the security and research divisions
My Niece is No Longer Missing and I Need Advice
For the purposes of the tape, please state your name and occupation
My Girlfriend; Mary. I dont know where she we are now...
2 sentence horror stories are cool and all but what is the best you can come up with with 8 sentences?
Every night I fight the demon.
The strange older man.
I brought something over from the great beyond...
I'm a Detective and My Curiosity is Broken
I started seeing it in the dark...
The Tunnels of Vietnam Aren’t Built by Men . (Part.1)
Happy 10th Anniversary NoSleep!!!!!
Looking for a specific post about a mortuary, morgue, mausoleum ...
I havent slept in a week
Three weeks ago I took a video of what I thought was a UFO. Now I really wish I hadn't.
The Courtesan's Blade
My Parents' House
1:35 AM, Give or Take Five Minutes, It’ll Climb in Bed
This is a poem for Valentine’s Day
I regret moving to Alaska (5)
I can still feel the shackles.
Something or someone has been doing things while i sleep.
Wendigo With A Gun
I'm a hitman. I got a contract multiple times on the same guy because he kept coming back. Part 1
My friend showed me two videos on the Dark Web when I was a teen. I can't forget them.
I worked at a haunted house, here’s why I left.
A Few New Patients
I’m being haunted by the boy I killed.
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 2)
MINOR TW !! There are men coming for me, I have nowhere to hide.
Disturbing CB radio broadcasts 2 - Lonely Girl and the Fallen Horseman
Headaches
2215050320.txt
The Key to Nowhere
The spirit
Last Call for Alcohol
An Angel’s (???) Dream
The Horror at the Cabin
Three
Expansion
Something is wrong with my friend, maybe she’s psychic?
My chocolate obsessed boyfriend
I'm an Evil Doll But I'm Not The Problem- Part 2
I found an old journal hidden in my closet. I don't think I've always been Andy.
When you commit a crime bad enough, they don't send you to prison; they send you to space camp. (Part 1)
Our daughter was kidnapped. Whatever we got back was not our kid.
I'm living in a IRL creepypasta
Do you want a unicorn?
Stella's Father.
Something is very wrong with my bathtub drain, Part III
The Tunnel. (Part 1)
Reading this might save your life!
The Devils Fortunteller
I’m not alone update!
My watcher in the dark
The Midnight Game - Part Four
The house I was trying to sell didn't like anybody!
I work in a floral shop where a customer brought in a plant I don’t think is from this earth.
Haunted group therapy
Im never working as a maid again
go to sleep (ima get called out cause of the sub name)
I found this writen in an old journal my little sister and I found.
The bridge out of my village was removed by the army and something is happening (Part 2)
Boston, the dog I adopted.
It follows..
1: Feelings, feelings
I have achieved 100% lucid dreaming, but i dont think its just a dream anymore. Part 1
Still Stuck in Hell
I may have saved a life today
I came home drunk one night to find a clown hiding behind my tree.
The Creatures in the Fog
There’s a sickness spreading through my small town. I think it summoned something terrible.
99% Off ($28.99) Amazon XIANV Womens Snow Boots Winter Anti-Slip Waterproof Ankle Warm Fur Lined House Shoes
A Christian Leader asked me about Magic Mushrooms in a cafe, in a 3 story house in the woodsI love my son, but I am terrified of what he does in his sleep. PART 3.
I got a new job at a museum. I found a terrifying list of rules
A truckers tale
My dog Boston
I Work For The Canadian Government - Part 2
The man who lived under the ground.
Yummy Doodles
The Cheer-Up Johnnies - Strange Findings from The Archives
Sleeping In A Victorian Era Airbnb Last Weekend
I met John Denver 13 years after he passed.
Theres a creature living in my house, Please help (Section #2)
Chain men
There’s something wrong with site Zulu. (Update 2)
I found bodies hanging from the trees and now something is stalking me (Part 2)
They're Still There
Lilly wasn't scared of the dark...
Me and 6 other people have been challenged to kill each other in a week (part 2)
Ashed Away
I once witnessed something so terrifying at 35,000 ft that I swore off flying forever.
Crowden (Part 1)
Does anybody know the name of this story?
i made a video out of a story from here hope yall like it
There is something above the elevator that ate my co-worker.
What day is it?
The voice from my last dispatch has finally caught up to me
This a mysterious story about Time travel . Vote for it please.
August Contest Nominations
What's hiding in my friend's house?
I'm Not a Masochist
Tell me any scary story you have or share some scary threads !
My sister collected hair
I can hear them when they walk
Kill 'Em With Kindness. Or Vice Versa, In This Case.
The Corpus Arcade - Manifest
This is a confession and a warning: we’re close to the 103th fold and it’s my fault
I have $1,500,000 to spend on my suicide. Please help me die.
My childhood experience in a small rural town.
What is wrong with the passengers of train 1109?
The Bluestone Case Of 1957
Joking Jester Story 1: The Theme Park.
I rented a costly room. It wasn't worth it. (Part 1 of 3)
i always see same numbers
My birthday scares me
A Clowns Secret
Transcendental Travels: The Depths
The Bed Man (part 1)
Nosleep challenge
I work as private armed security on a construction site overnight, and I'm seeing things that...don't make sense.
There's a Creature in the Town of Hevan. Part.2
My name is Daphne. Part 1
Log 28
If anyone is reading this, please send help...
I live next to a forest. I need help predicting when the creatures visit - The Red Pixies
THERE'S SOMETHING STILL DOWN THERE, IT'S AFTER ALL OF US.
The Creature Up North
There's A Voice Coming From My Son Jimmy's Closet. Last Night Something Terrifying Happened.
test to delete in one min
I thought it was just a stomachache.
Purgatory isn't absolute darkness, it's what can be found between Heaven and Hell, making it the least explored, yet absolutely terrifying section known to man
DO NOT SLEEP IT WILL KILL YOU IN YOUR SLEEP, DO NOT TALK IT WILL HEAR YOU, DO NOT LISTEN ITS A BAIT.
I was cursed to live in a different time era every 7 days...
An Account of the Cwm (Part 1)
Never move into a house once owned by a doctor. You'll start getting blamed for the deaths of his patients.
Or so the rumour goes...
Nothing Else To Do: An abstract poem
SOMEONE IS IN OUR HOUSE
Point Nemo
i'm losing my mind
Hay Fever Season was Bad this Year
There's something inside of ocean storms
Mutilation Lullaby
The disappearence of u/thousand-fathoms
This fanfiction is really creepy
experiences at sea🐉
GIFT FROM GOD...
Every year on Halloween a child under ten years old goes missing in my town. My daughter turns ten in six hours.
The girl I met on Tinder won't stop taking photos.
I Shouldn't Have Played The Elevator Game. Now I'm Trapped Here (Part 1)
I’m done.
I Hunt Cryptids For A Living. It’s Harder Than You Think. (Part 3)
Kill Me Twice (Finale)
I have been forgetting something important each day, and it's only getting worse.
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. I found a strange set of rules in the employee manual
More
I have no clue what happened (short)
Nadia in the porcelain hall
All My Hexes Live in Texas
𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐟𝐚𝐜𝐞
I saw Her in the woods, and She was freaking terrifying
I'm a Correction Officer, but I guard things that should not exist.
I can hear you (part 2)
I heard what hell sounds like.
Life's Purpose
I Got More Than Just A Blowjob From The Glory Hole Down At Roxy's Roadhouse
Vigilante or hero?
Stalker in OKC
What is outside my window?
I love My pets but I think my cat is trying to kill me (repost)
We Drained our Pool. Now my Boyfriend is acting Strangely.
Western Devils
we just had a conflict with my parents and that's where it all started
There’s hair growing out of my gum hole, and my mom isn’t here to comfort me (GUMHAIRS PT1)
"Awesome Italiano Quest"
The painting in my old house scared me to death, and things just kept getting scarier.
I Dropped Broccoli on the Floor
The Girl in the Mirror Does Not Exist
My best friend murdered me, I got my revenge
The Shape Of You
There is something very wrong with my psych patient
Every night a different Orange Julius employee tucks me into bed and I don’t know why (Part 2)
I have a question...
My dads journals
I'm becoming something... Unnatural (Part 2_
A ghost boy keeps talking to me and I don't know why
Entry three
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I just got caught. (Part 2)
Dear people of no sleep what is one thing that has kept you up and aware for a whole day(or more)
I summoned a demon so you guys would like me.
Rotting city pt.1
My day in Witch Dance
I didn’t follow the rules at my house in Staten Island.
Human Suit
Mario Kart 7 deluxe
I'd Rather Die Than Have Another Near Death Experience
That Which Kills The Soul
I had no idea I was being searched for.
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 9th
Bored? Take my survey! (Ages 18-30, Computer required)
My new PC isn't working properly.
I work for Styx Taxis, I drive souls to the afterlife...I just picked up a familiar face.
Something is pretending to be my brother
Insomnia is treatable, in six weeks, without sleeping pills.
The Government Hate Pt 1
If you hear a nursery rhyme called Snippity Snap, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
The House With A Door In The Floor
Just you wait
It Watches (part 1)
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she landed somewhere else and might be in danger
IF ANYONE THINKS FOOD HAS BEEN TASTING OFF PLEASE READ
Uncanny Valley (Part 3)
Creepy Window
Is it a demon?
I met my doppelganger and I'm worried she'll take my spot. (PART ONE)
Amnesia, a story of government experimentation
Satanic Exhumation
The Thing in My Shadow.
I'm scared at my own reflection.
Childrens book with instructions to summon demons
The reoccuring man. (Den återkommande mannen)
I think someone is trying to beat me up or even kill me
In The Water
A Perfect Hunt
It’s just your imagination
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town A Week Ago. It Never Stopped Raining, Pictures Included
My Son Vanished A Week Ago but is Still Posting Stories Here
Disappearance
Just hold Still (the unskippable ad pt. 2)
The Encounter pt1
Sugar’s mysterious disappearance.
I live on the third floor And I heard tapping at my window
I was legally dead for four minutes. There is no heaven. There is no hell. I saw things that made me wish for oblivion. (Part 3)
Fear: mini-game for Android
27
I found a pathway through the multiverse
ARGENT INTERGALACTIC HUMAN EDUCATION COMPLEX
I've Lost A Portion of My Adolescence Memories, You Wouldn't Believe What Helped Me Get Them Back.
Excerpts from the final letter sent to the Broadside Butcher by his mother, as found post execution
Halloween Greetings Card from a friend
They found me in the corn fields
Awesiaki: Chapter three: 1630
Sarah.
"Murder"
Now you see me
Monsters (Part 1 of 2) From the remains of a faded journal, a personal biography, written in shaky handwriting. What secret horrors did those first explorers uncover?
The FBI told me not to say anything...
Bad trips are bad
Where are all of my friends?
I went to a Job Fair, found work from a Crisis Center; and managed to not gouge my eyes out all in a single afternoon
My Mom’s Interaction With A Serial Killer
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive.
Room 999: Down the Drain
Ever since moving into my stepfather’s new house, he’s always made it clear of one rule: Never go inside the basement. The students he's keeping captive have glowing eyes.
I woke up at 3 am, the sky is red and my neighbours are floating
room 104
I hate this guy so much, it’s time I deal with it.
Mr. Longnose wants us to play his game.
I was going home one night but something wasn't right (Part-1)
There's a club near Chinatown that plays blasphemous music called witch house. Stay the hell away.
It was all a joke
I was forced to take shelter in my haunted basement during a tornado
Five of my coworkers went to BFSH supply storage but only one of us came back
When you see a dead person in your dreams
I work as a salesman. This lady showed up and I don't know why.
I’m a cop and everyone is pretending like my case from 15 years ago never happened (Part 3)
I fell asleep, and I haven't woken back up.
My town is a cult
Aliens may have visited me
Something about some of my old diary entries just don’t add up…
It followed.
I think my ex-boyfriend is using the occult/dark magic to ruin my life part 1
Do you see?
My boyfriend is acting strange... Part 1: The Backstory
Terata
I set up a camera to record my pet lizard... and caught something horrifying instead.
My Haunted Nightmares
There are no pipes.
Floridian folklore: Hum-devils
Scary spooky ness
Make sure you inspect everything you buy at an estate sale.
I was asked to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit horrified at what I saw. (Part 1)
My twin lives under the bed
Everyone acted like she never existed. And then the police came.
A Tribute to My Mom
XEROPHOBIA
My Summer as A Security Guard for A Disturbing Carnival - Finale - Code Green
I am shutting down
Danger Roger and The Rat Person (Part 1)
My boyfriend cheated on me with... something
REDACTED Files: The Banshee
I went to an old Mcdonalds restaurant. After what happened, I wish I didn’t enter it
Beware the Grinner
The ghost haunting me was afraid of something.
Thasalophobia
I'm being replaced by a mannequin.
Duermete Niño.
It eats your spine
I can see the things that hide in the night.
Just the beginning.
The Letterbox Slot Final Part
If you hear your name being called in the woods, don't answer it. Part 1
There are old fallout tunnels that run underneath my town (Part 5)
My Camping Story
14. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now I’m The Queen Of Hell. (Final)
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 2)
My housemate bought a strange book at a thrift shop
the harbinger experiment
We tried to invent time travel but something went wrong... Pt. 1
I just returned from the most disturbing place I've ever visited. I want to tell you about it.
The box we found the summer before high school
Creepy head in my window
Metamorphosis pt.1
Please help me.
What if suicide is the answer?
Escape Your Inner Demon’s For Only $19.85
Salvation- December 18th
How Does Copyright Work?
I hate my job at Disney land
The Horned One
A Cautionary Tale
My brother's classmate died almost thirty years ago. I don't know whether to go to her fathers house with a gun and get it all over with.
"Compassion" doesn't mean what you think it does.
The Year Is 2120
A tour of my new apartment complex!
I feel like I’m fading away, and now I don’t know what to think
The Tick-Tock Man
Death is Calling...!
I Keep Hearing Music When I Answer The Phone At The Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
I hear voices coming from under my pillow
I've been trying to post this all year. This may be your only chance to read it.
How to sleep well
(Update #1) I Used To Watch A Show Called "Let's Talk About Mr.Clock"
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Part 1
I've always been Superman to them.
Pumpkin shoes
I’m in love with this guy. The only problem is, I think I’m imagining him.
Mr. Walbern
horror short story based off of urban legend in my town...
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal? (Part Three)
Faces in the dark
In case I don't come back (final update)
My dog is telling me to do some really weird things.
My wife complained of a constant buzzing sound, but it was all in her head. Then it came out.
The day we had enough
I should have been born dead (Part 1)
I’ve been hired to find a lost satanical painting. Unexplainable things have started happening since I began my search. Part 2.
There's something living in my attic. (Part One)
The Brick House
I woke up in a bathtub full of ice...
A new job | Part 1
My ears perk up whenever something unfamiliar is nearby: So why have they been up for the past two weeks?
It is 1945, the battle is over, but not for me, for me the battle takes a new form, a form I was not prepared for.
Peppermint Park Stories (To be a book) Case 1: The Sack Demon
The Story on my Skin
Fudge Pudding
My Grandma's Haunted House (series)
The Gospel of Gabriel
The Buried Have Been Giving Birth
I work in the park ranger service in Vancouver, Canada.
Please Explain! Season 13 Episode 18 - "A Death in the Family"
I woke up to an Emergency Alert on my phone, now there's creatures outside... #4
My friend doesn't allow anyone insider her home after 9:30 PM. I recently found out why.
Don’t Peak, For He Will See You
This Mansion is Making Me Lose My Mind
Late Night Homework
The last train i’ll ever take
I have to stay awake and write.
The Devil's Highway
The Tale Of The Red Door And Cursed Necklaces
Please Send Help, I've Been Kidnapped!
Students tortured by 'thing'
Number neighbor
I don't really care that my parents are dead.
I took a gun to school today. (Part Two)The Emojis (short story)
Maybe Lovecraft Was Onto Something.
The girl in the basement.
the shameplant
My friend and his family were cannibals
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. This is the one that changed everything.
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 8)
The Shadow Speaks When I Sleep
It watches
My grandma never talks but she did today
My Father taught me how to look at the night sky. He didn’t tell me it was looking back. (Part 5/Final)
After the love of my life died, I religiously bring home one girl at a night
I Waited For Santa Claus On Christmas Day. Something Horrifying Visited Me That Night Instead. Pictures Included.
History repeats itself
Demon Grip
The Guardian Angel with blood stained hands
I heard a thud,Now its after me..
My favorite birthday present
Old man creature in the basement
For as long as I can remember, the Wall has stood at the end of my garden. I have never questioned it, until today.
The Sun Wasn't Setting
I can't find the darker side of reddit?
I Died And Went To Hell. It's Not What You Think.
Escalation of Force
Offer some scary stories?
The West Yearn Coroners.
I inherited a Wild West model town. I was involved in a shootout.
Camp Spirit
An elderly woman with a walker keeps following me, and I don't know why (Part One)
I Think I Found Out How We Go To Heaven
The Hotel I'm Staying in has Provided a Specific List of Rules (Part 1)
My attacker fled without leaving a trace. It’s taken me 2 years, but I’ve finally found a way to get closure.
The Demon
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; Christmas is coming early for these kids
There's No Such Thing as Shadows
My Cat started talking to me this week. She understands far more about the Universe than you or I.
Because i covered myself in oil, the story
I crashed a quarantine party
There’s a chemical fog outside our school. We can’t leave.
I killed my family for singling me out.
We see the underwater society
A story of my grandfather's past
The strange case of Madeline and the mommy pigeon
The goat man
Labyrinth Game Part 2: You've made your first choices
I hear people's last words every time.
Have any of you guys experienced this?
Creatures are in my house, trying to find me Part 2
The Exquisite Machine
My Girlfriend and I are Having Problems Because She Saved My Life
I was kidnapped
Time rewinds randomly, and I'm the only one who remembers anything
Pearls in the Dirt. NSFW
My house was built over 70 years ago. Everyone who has lived here is dead.
My aunt died three weeks ago and is still talking to us
I'm a Hospice Caregiver.
You told me
Camp Wanahee (Part 9)
I moved to maine with my dying sister. I found out about the state's hidden history of cannibalism.
The Dream of 2000
My Messed up Intuition Might not be Wrong
A Very Square Day.
7 years past I still remember vividly.
I will always be there
Never Order A Mystery Box From The Dark Web
I Sold Myself Into Slavery (Part One)
We bought a DVD from a marketplace
I love you, my son. Let's meet again soon
There's a haunted house in my town, but unnatural things only happen if you use a GPS to get there, Pictures Included
Being followed by someone
KIDZ ZUPRIZE - An elsagate horror story &amp; creepypasta
That's no deer
I am a hitman.My research on my last target wasn't enough.
Something is moving behind the clouds.
I Took Part In A Sleep Experiment. It Was A Nightmare (Part 1)
I am a glacial researcher and what my team found in a mysterious tunnel in Iceland has left us questioning what we know about this world.
My Unusual Headache
I lived like my sim for 24 hours. I regret it.
There's something in my walls and I need to get it out
The man in my drawing.
I worked at a watchtower, what I saw was terrifying.
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed in the woods while camping. What it says is deeply disturbing. Part 1
There's a reason I don't go outside when it rains anymore.
Im stuck in my car and it won’t stop
I met the devil last night and I think I sold my soul
Ive been to Hell and back
Not related
I See Things Other People Are Afraid To (PART 1)
I Know How You'll Die
Someone keeps breaking into my house, and taking a shit (Part 1)
Something happened in 2000 and 2012
My Documented Nightmares NM1
I saw santa last night, trust me. It isn't worth it.
Is anyone else seeing this strange Animal Crossing event?
Interview log frome incident 5-6
never pick a pimple
Midnight Swim
Death letter
You said it would be easy to get rid of a body (Part 1) Repost without flair
I Have Insomnia, I'm Starting to Think it's Something More Than That
Something happened to me at an abandoned house. Now I'm afraid to fall asleep.
Voicemail from the future
A Guide to surviving the Static
I’m being haunted by a Beatles song.
I'm sailing. I'm never going again. (Part 1)
I thought my girlfriend was dead. But then this happened.
I Bought An Old Antique Doll Off Craigslist. I Think There's Something Terribly Wrong With It.
Uncanny Valley Ranch #1
My parents aren’t my parents
delbert grady experience
My Girlfriend Never Takes Off Her Makeup But I Finally Caught Her And Now I'm Scared For My Life (Part 7)
Has anyone got a emergency broadcast that sounds like this
I don't know.Dry Skin
My daughter went missing on New Year's Day 18 years ago
The Great Destroyer
My next door neighbour, Donny, has been replaced and only I have noticed
Room 1337: IRL
The humming shadow
Echolalia
A Drug Called Innocence
The God of the Playground Part 2
Every night I make dinner for my family, and every night they refuse to eat.
Ronald McDonald House 2
I lost myself along the way in life
Evergreen Cabin
Something is Wrong With My Daughter. Any Advice?
I Grew up in Rual Ohio. Never go Near my Old Farm.
I'm an American Werewolf Hunter
The boy in the fire
A damn good dog
Not a fairytale after all
Today I meet satan himself.
maybe everything will be believed to be a dream.. eventually.
My Best Friend And I Played With A Ouija Board
I got my dog a new collar. It was the worst decision I ever made.
I teach English to foreign students - I returned to St. Martin's Land with conditions and information that disturbs me.
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 5)
Colonial Ghosts(TRUE STORY)
RED DOOR YELLOW DOOR
I work in a 24/7 Mexican restaurant on a middle of desert in Nevada
What I Inherited
Demonic Possession?
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 13)
Lightning
A guy asked me to digitize some old videos and I'm a bit shocked now.
If you're alone, don't answer the phone
Overflow
My Son is Still Here, But He Doesn’t Quack Anymore.
Phobos does not exist (Part 1)
"GOODMORNING"
My horror stories
Leoupold Slick's diary
Deadly whispers.The Crazy Spiritual Stuff I Encountered As A Satanist
I have a dream that likes to replay itself
The Beast of Bladenboro: my true experience
It was the 2nd anniversary of my brothers death.
Highway 🛣 101 experience!
I'm a Vampire, and I'm being followed. (Part 2)History Lessons
Strange police activity at 16th street mall in Denver.
There's a guy wanting a job interveiw but im not a manager of any type
There's A Monster In Our Basement
Not a story, but a question. I’m so sorry!
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND {PART 3}
A Day Ago a New Door Appeared in Our Apartment and Now Can't Do Anything but Wait in Front of It
Nameanagram Tales: The terror of Anna Aveddeva.
The Van I Keep Seeing
I met a big black dog on my way home
What lurks beyond the trenches of the Somme
Better help... oh I guess they didn’t hear the news
The Floor You Didn't Know
Mr. Burnham
I’m the first Explorer of Realities, and I can’t stop screaming (Part 4)
Sophia's Favorite Knife
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 18)
I met the staff at St. Benedict's(part 2)
There's something really off about my new girlfriend's family.
Never staying with my cousins again
Never Visit The Website smileyfaceheart.red :) ♡
Basement story
A Huge Storm Swept Through My Town a Month Ago. It Never Stopped Raining
There was nothing I could have done
What happens when the universe is born (Part 1)
Has anyone else heard of the Docks to Nowhere? This 16th Century journal keeps getting weirder
Graveyard
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 2)
Something not quite right.
There is a sound that falls on deaf ears
Chicken rot
Just Beneath the Surface
They called me Lucky Luca.
I’ve made a horrible mistake
Your Own Personal Hell
I Disappear one week every year, and I’m scared to death of where I go, “Final part”
Come down to Carol's Corner Craze for a Bargain you Won't Miss!
Enjoy your vacation at Lake Chillmoore - Plan a weekend , spend a lifetime - Part 3. The Hill
The cries that i heard in the forest were my mom's.
It’s always hungry , no matter what.
The noises
I Killed a Werewolf and Got Recruited to an Inter-Dimensional War Squad (Part I)
Seeking stories!
In the Winter of 2017, all of our I's became We.
Words to a Librarian Part 3
My ‘dad’ sent a voicemail?
The Handle Moved
I thought moving to a small town would be nice. I couldn't have been more wrong...All I know about the gristers
The Figure Ahead
Do You Fear the Sky? Perhaps You Should
Homeless woman lives in occupied house's attic for almost a year undetected
i went to hang out with my friends a little bit after halloween
someone got into my apartment and left food wrappers
What is the most disturbing, creepy, weird, scary, etc. that you’ve seen while looking out the window at night?
A Terrible Accident Has Occurred At Our School, Except I Don’t Think It Was An Accident Part 5
The animals in my town have been acting weirder and weirder, and the people are beginning to as well (pt 1)
What happened to Angela?
The end of the world is coming soon, and you all need to listen before it's too late.
A creature with a permanent grin won't stop following me.
I Really F*cking Wish it Would Snow
My Boss Acted Really Strange Tonight
My Dream Job Became A Living Nightmare
I wanted to get this down before the change was complete…
The Bottom of the Lake
There was something knocking on the air during my walk home.
My mother has too many old pictures on the walls...
I Played The Mall Game, The Prize Was Worth Everything
African horror story
"NEVER recover deleted files from a USED COMPUTER. They are deleted for a REASON.
Tulpamancy
Tales After Dark - 1st
Don't sleep. Don't think. Don't stop... (PT2)
Its coming
You have a delivery scheduled. Final Part.
I don't want to go to the future
My Dad rold .d too never look into the pipe.I didn
Stories From An Unknown Town
My Last Hike
Nachtpirscher
Something needs to change immediatly
Argent Intergalactic Human Education Complex log 1 (kinda rushed cus it was a school project)
New creator looking for Stories to tell on youtube.....
I think one of the buildings I work at is haunted
I can't sleep
At my friends house
It Likes Me
I recently got a job to act in a new television series, some of the death scenes look disturbingly real.
Munich Waldfriedhof Haunting
I think the gates of hell have just been opened... (Part 1.2)
None of you are real, and here's how I know.
Some Things Last A Long Time
Don’t open the door after 1am
They won't let me die
My neighbors been acting weird since his divorce. We uncovered a mystic city under the suburbs.
I think I was supposed to die last week
The Chrysalis Incident
If you don't acknowledge them...they don't acknowledge you... (usually)
Don't Sleep Downstairs
I went for the Big Score, and it really backfired
Someone I killed visited me in my sleep
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Ten)
Someone is screwing with me. My last post was altered, and then deleted! I need help. (Part 2)
It’s This Stupid Storm
Front Spike: Part 2 "Events Most Unexpected"
Happy Story about my connection with dead Grandfather at his old Pocono house
I'm next
One Love *read blurb first please*
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Four
The Bus to nowhere (RITUAL)
Bait
Why I’m no longer a 911 dispatcher
I hunt what classifies as Domestic Terrorists, but not the human type.
I bought a possessed clock and I don't know what to do.
I know why children play with matches - and it's NOT a game.
I knew I shouldn't have gone camping
man in my room
My friend from discord lived the worst life. She is only 15 still
My 11 year old son can predict the future while sleep walking
I am a professional exorcist. Here's what that's like.
Something in the basement
That time I fell in love with an alien.
Discovering the real me
Got punched the hell out yestersay by a nehbiourhood cop cause I needed anohter Incase you tought your insane
A Bright Young Boy
Chicago still haunts me.
The world behind a TV screen
We call my grandmother’s place The House Of Dolls. They’re not exactly dolls.
There's something in the attic and it hates me
The Basement Door
Taking it for granted.
How to Survive Camping - why we don't keep horses
Why the Dead Don't Come back
10 Hours of Black Noise to Put You to Rest
My Shitty Job as a Cashier (2)
A parents love truly is unconditional, I would know.
I see vines growing out of me
Need help finding a story/video I read/saw a while back.
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Today, there is no escape from fate. (Final)
PAREIDOLIA
Isn't it funny how a certain smell can trigger a memory?
Joe Camerota (True Story)
I've been receiving weird messages as part of a game I never signed up for.
Joobert.Inc
In the town where I grew up, we were told that if we heard a dog bark at night, it meant that someone was about to die.
My grandmother owns an antique doll collection. One of the dolls keeps moving places.
The Grim Things.
Channel 16
I’ve just been in a car crash and it was wonderful
I watched my old home videos, this time, it showed something that horrifies me to this day
Danger Roger and The Rat Person (Part I)
The Home Run
Has anybody remembered something that hasn't happened already?
Last Night I Died
BEAUTYFALL
Ordering meth off the dark web
How to Survive Camping: my mother's memory
I need some advice
I Saw a Weird Video on YouTube and I Don’t Know What to Do
I will never forget my grandfather’s last words.
On the first of every month, a road appears by my house. It leads away, beneath the shadow of a titan.
Do You Believe In the Dead attempting to Speak to You?
The Call
IDK what I just saw, but it saw me too
Four years ago, I lived in the Barbie Dreamhouse. I had a blast!!
There is no comfortable place for my tongue in my mouth
Monsters are real and they’re hard to kill
hi my name is enock kashosi daniel
My neighbor has been mowing his lawn for 12 hours straight
Working at an amusement park: down the rabbit hole
My Final Call As A Police Dispatcher Has Scarred Me
I've heard The Bells of Yggdrasil and Its Roots are threaded through me and if you listen
"Let's Play Hide and Seek"
Us Morticians Don't Fear the Dead
So this isn't just my mind playing games...
I opened a door. Part 2
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me.
The day the sun fell
Mind-Virus Outbreak (part 1)
A dream I had recently had me frozen to my bedI owe my childhood to Gator Pond
THE NIGHTWALKER
The Shadow Creature Visits at Midnight
Two-Faced
The Succubus
I never believed in ghosts as a child. And then I turned twelve and everything changed.
I'm here
There's an online shop of horrors that only opens every 3 AM. I should've just bought the sex doll.
If Someone Asks You to Play a New Ghost Hunting Game, Ignore Them.
There's a Cult Hidden in the English Countryside, Pictures Included
Elaine's Story (Part 2)
There's something odd about Nina (Part Two)
I was just a lonely incel. They never told me my sex doll was made in Wuhan
would you eat poop for 10k?
Sirens In The Woods
My kids have no idea I exist
Confesion to my classmates.
Jenny is real. Mother wants her to disappear.
The West Yearn Coroners: part 1
The beginning of the end of “the regime”
I found someone’s journal after my mirror broke.
Stuck on an elevator that won't stop descending, we've already gone 600 floors beneath the surface.
WARNING: DO NOT READ THIS DOCUMENT
What if
Statues are appearing in my town and people are going missing pt.2
COVID has been terrible. This new virus is so much worse.
Lifeless Flight
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about extra PT sessions...
Hallowed Ground ~ Part V
RatsSomething felt off when our school musical cast list came out. (Pt 1)
A peculiar melody in our town is attracting strange visitors
Deja Vu?
Rain_2
my nightmare i had about 20 min ago
Two-Faced Sally
If I fart in a jar and feed it to my neighbors do I become president?
Murders Of The Midnight Rider (Part 2)
I left the house during quarantine and something followed me home
Don Moretti's One Man Shit Show
My Husband Works At A Killers Chop Shop. I Saved Him From Death.
I know what is inside Pandora's Box... it might surprise you.
I didn't expect my baby monitor to pick up THIS...
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows.
Please Do Not Touch Me There
The Manager’s Office(Part One)
The Clown at my door
My husband came back from the war and now he doesn't recognize me.
Do You Ever Feel "Threatened" By Your Dreams?
The Mother, the Maiden, and the Crone
My Roommate Keeps Screaming Every Night
My Shadow Has Wings (part 2)
My husband and I want to kill each other
Theres a girl following me around
If I’m Lucky
I told my friend not to drink the blood from a beast's head. He didn't listen and scarred us all.
French Morning
I met evil when i was only a child.
My fiancée and I are travel foodies. We would never eat something from that lake again.
Ancestry Website
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 4)
Project FLMelody87 has escaped, and I don’t think I’m going to make it.
Deserted is a reality show that never aired. And now that I know that my life is falling apart. Part 2 of 2.
What lies beneath the ocean floor
I’ve often thought I was cursed, but now there’s no doubt.
I Inherited Our Old Farmhouse. I Think There’s Something In The Woods...
I camped overnight, now I’m being stalked all the time.
Friday, the 13th
Ouija Board Zozo encounter?
I think I just had Sleep Paralysis.
No Regrets
Goat Face
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here
Ghost in cemetery
I should have quit my job at the movie theatre
The door at the end of my hallway has never done that before..
My new roommate is a little weird...
Special incidents unit- Part 1
Why though?
The Sacrosanctum
I had this nightmare years ago - at least, I hope that's what it was...
Perfection
How I Killed The Monkey Man of Gordon Daniels Chevrolet Several Fucking Times
HELP. I'M TRAPPED IN A SITCOM. S1E01
I think vegan “meat” gave me cancer.
The Apartment Complex I Moved Into Has Some Very Strange Rules (Part 2)
The man with the banjo
The happiest place on earth is dying - Part 3
My daughter fell into a well, but I'm not sure what came back up is really her
the diary of Dr. alexander
The best of two monsters
Short Story: Shes Not A Child
Beautiful
the hollowbrook orphanage massacre
I think there was something coming out of my closet at night when I was younger, but I was always too scared to look
Haut bru
The pop-up
Layla.
Flight 1999 'Aero' Blackbox logs, Sleep Disorder Collection, (Part 1)
A day in the life of a Lone Wolf in a Sheep’s World
My patient that came with a doll.
I teach dead children
I need help seriously !!
Camping trip..
Driving at Night is One of my Favorite Activities (1)
My worst nightmare come true.
I'm an Urban Explorer. Here is My Story (part 2).
What's the weirdest Halloween movie you have ever seen?
Missing Teens at Junior high.
window of hope
All I wanted to do was improve my Sex Life
My cousin is possessed...
The Clown outside my window.
Don’t enter the kitchen.
Last night you spoke to a god, here are the transcripts.
My Childhood Visions
My mind in shrooms.
I'm Hiding from my Mother
I'll make him come to his senses
Please recommend your top3 series here (I just finished Borrasca)
Don’t ever steal from the mob – Part 2
20 seconds of Hell. Surviving a Tornado.
I found a ecosystem in my bedside drawer, I wish I hadn’t.
Princess Pit Stain
I am never drinking beer again
...Huh?
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 6
The magicians room~
Nowhere in the World is Safe
My grandma's craft room
anticipation.
My name is Drew Jackson
I'm the Only Living Being in this Universe. You're All Artificial Intelligence.
Loverboy
Bleeding house
The weird kid
I Watched a Man Vanish into Thin Air
School scares me
A series of abnormal events
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Sometimes, you must look Fear directly in it’s eyes. Part III
The animals are acting strange...The lesser-known tourist attraction
I'm Being Haunted By an Unborn Child
Todd Cage - The Goat Man
I Put Up Security Cameras In My Apartment, I Come To Regret It
All You Can Eat
3:00: Late Shift
I found the original cut of Godzilla vs Biollante. I know why it was scrapped now.
The ID on the playground
Someone rang my doorbell at 3:33am after a long night of sleep paralysis but no one was there but I could hear them
I've always had an irrational fear of water. Now, I don't think it's so irrational. Part 2
I'm A Nice Girl.
Be careful when opening doors at midnight, or you might end up in Plume and Harper’s “Mysterical” Library
I just inherited a haunted house. Today, shit finally hit the fan.
Im scared to sleep and here's why
I need to post this its been on my mind for years, Its a bit abstract but it gets the point across...
Whistle at the Window
Do not pick up three coins if nobody claims them
Something killed my father and his squadron in the Algerian Desert
I Discovered Something At Crooked Rock Park
My great-aunt left mea note full of rules and warnings, the little girl won’t leave my front door.
A stranger came up to me in the supermarket and claimed to be my husband. Part Three Update.
I was the reason Project „Panacea“ failed. And I am glad about it.
Don't Try to Find us, You'll be Stuck Here Too
I Think I'll Skip Next Year's 4th of July Celebration at Brighter Futures
What the heck is happening in my house?
The Parasite. (please let me know what you think)
Towerhouse
When one of the humans' minds is hateful enough, one of us are finished (Final part)
Home Sweet House of Horrors
Between Midnight and the Witching Hour
Maria Nichols #1
Something Really Weird Happened at my Summer Camp
Assault team Omega-Blue Incident Report: #666
I used to not believe in any kind of "off the physical world" but now all has changed (pt 1)
12:10
Why dad?
Twenty-three years ago, I picked up a hitchhiker. I haven't been able to get rid of her since.
A deeply repressed dream
"Hello"
The Illuminati is real and I’m part of it
THIS WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING YOU KNOW ABOUT GUN RIGHTS holy shit
The Deerians - Youtube
Your Eyes Lie.
A Body Among Wires
What I Saw At The Bottom of The Sea
My Encounter With A Demon From HellThe Barents Sea is worse than you could possibly imagine (3, final)
The Beast From The Blackness
My husband has taken our roleplaying too farSomething isn't right with these recordings
Demon in the Woods
We’ve been stuck in construction traffic for 8 hours now. If we leave our vehicles we will die.
Don't Come to the Midwest (part 2)
I was possessed by a ghost named Sharon
theres blood on my floor but its like 200 years old
I wasn't always claustrophobic
My sister needs help
I think we encountered a demon playing Randonautica.
Why the last BlockBuster hasn't closed.
Cactus Jacks Tex Mex Grill
I run a house for freaks, the unnatural, and for people who do not belong. My first resident showed how difficult maintaining this house would be.
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I just got my kids’ uncle arrested. (Part 5)
The simp.
Peeling
Starting a covan
It Was Supposed to be a Joke.
I kept walking
I saw something while working cows
I survived a twisted game with the Devil and came out on top PT. 1
Frame - House Hunting
Artificial intelligence in our daily life
the creature behind the bed.
Something is floating amongst the clouds over my town
Instructions for using the Harborview Motel Mirror
Jalopy Junction
Working a haunted trail isnt always fun
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Finale)
Warden: Windmill
The Day I Died (Part 1)
There is something happening in an alley (I really need help)
My first post: True story
Above the Cafe
My classmates keep disappearing, and now it's my turn
Deep Blue
We got several messages from space, and it might be the last one's we see.
I could hear a woman begging me for help
I Watched The Movie Final Destination With My Best Friend Scott. Death Has Been Trying To Kill Him Ever Since.
I've been having this awful nightmare for the last two months
My Secret Admirer
River Flood
Can you hear the voice of the ocean?
I met the devil and never spoke about it
Grandma sucks my toes
Rules at my school
My Name Is Rachel Simmons and I can't stop doing the nae nae
You Don't Want To Miss The Midnight Cabaret
I don't get sleep paralysis anymore...
I’ve been falling and it won’t stop
Today, my dog threw up the tea that I drank.
Every morning I woke up with one less toe
I found my old journal
TORMENT (part-1)
I fostered a child that only wanted to eat crackers, and now I'll never foster again.
The Ghost With No Face (r/AskReddit | Best of Reddit Stories | Scariest ...
He lives in the lake
Helen and George's House.
So I can switch bodies with people, and I just encountered my first problem with it. (Part two)
The Staircase of Death is Near my Town
I saw some terrible things as a missionary. I'm ready to open up about them (part 2).
idk wot to call this story i recently wrote but ye here is PART 1
My Husband killed my Daughter with Witchcraft.
The "Deer"
Why I never stay in the woods after dark anymore.
Siri
Why can’t I up vote or comment on anything on Reddit. It’s like I’m a read only version or something. I done even have a icon that suggests there is even a place to make a comment.
My Cold Bedroom
Home alone... At night
I Used to Live Alone
My cousin actually made our neighbors tell their scariest story( so we can being it to you)
i yelled out to my mum and a voice outside my window replied to me
You don't want to speak to the manager.
Siberia 1996 part 2
No Sleep In Irlam
@)!! jobsite
Rules for being home alone at night
They are waiting outside
what the heck
I found this note on a table in the apartment I just moved in, I'm scared.
A contestant's last words
The Experiment, Part 1
How a bad trip turned worse.
A conversation about Hell in Bethlehem, Georgia
If You Have a Version of this App, Don't Use It!
The Oncoming Storm pt 1
The House I Inherited Is Haunted
The Redwoods
The Monster in my Closet: A Discourse on the Moral Efficacy of Murder, I guess.
I woke up this morning and my hands weren't mine-- Part 2
I Created an ARG for Fun; Now it's Trying to Un-Create Me
Not sure if this was a dream or not
Florida Serial Killer, Clan Rally and The Old Man Begging for Help by Audrey Webster.
I found a doll on Craigslist
no players alive
Photo *shoot*
I was (briefly) trapped in the Macaroni and Cheese World
The Last Few Night's My Livestock Have Gone Missing. Tonight I Think I Finally Figured Out Where They Went.
Weird happenings in NM
Targeting For Dummies
There's something underneath my bed...
Monster Hunter
We played the Disappearance Game at my last sleepover and now I think I’m turning Invisible
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART VIII
Garage's Truth
As Big and Ugly as a Cockroach and Witch's Nails
ABDEF
The creepy guardian of a block of flats.
My new puppy won't stop pawing at the gap between our sofa cushions. Now I know why.
I remember going to Small World on Disney Land now it all makes sense
I Was Offered A Position At a Secret Laboratory... I'm Now Scarred For Life
We thought our roommates were just absentminded but it's much worse than that
There is an end, but its strange out there.
The Sun Shines Only On My House
I thought it was a prank
Night School
A deceased girl saved my life Pt.2
I can’t sleep help
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank...I saw his ghost today (FINALE)
I took a well-paying job working as a nightguard. I was given an interesting set of rules.
Can an Electric Surge Cause All Electronics buzz?
The man who came from nowhere
I created an ARG, and it became all too real (PART 1)
I Work At The Darabont County Archives - Part Six D
We have been driving in a tunnel, I think it goes on forever
Surviving the Rapture
It’s January first and I can’t sleep I’m going to school tomorrow I’m 14 I need help.
A still night
If i stop something worse than the monsters will kill me.
Anyone know of a really cool, yet spooky ghost train story floating around
My dad went to jail...his escape was horrific.
Bright Eyes
A year ago we rescued our dog, Noodles, from a dead body. Tonight her owner came back to get her.
I watch people in cages (Finale)
I took an unmarked exit and ended up in a plastic town
Bonfire Night. The Legend of Martin Janus.
i saw a demon
Somethings grabbed hold of my friend and now it wants me.
my reoccurring dream
The Hunted (Entries 5-8)
The Viles - 2: Suspicion
Welcome to Fantasma a small bad town in the middle of Tennessee (component 9).
Megan Is Missing
at least i could finish my mile
My friends and I got locked in school - part 1
My best friend caught that bullshit zombie virus. I think I helped her spread it across the state.
My brother has been talking with our sister, but she's dead.
I met my deaceased 5th great Grandfather, and now I cant get away from him
I Cannot See Beyond the Windows.
Oh, dream weaver (when is he coming?)
The Top Hat Man
TED TALKS
The Good Die Badly : Part 3
Vivian
Hello, it’s me again. (Entry #2)
Something bad is going on at Warner Brothers. The Joker Movie might be cancelled.
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2 am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange.
My Friends Got Me Cursed (Part 3)
The Man In The Waistcoat
I tried to return a lost dog last night
He came out of my dreams to torture me
Forever
You could've been dead
Doug Walker in My House???!?????
Something is living in my brothers room.
Fractured mind
Killing
I don't understand calculus. Also, I killed a guy.
I work at the Moonlight Inn and things keep getting weirder. PT.2
The curse of life
Did you know we all have a wandering spirit following us all the time? But be careful, don't look up. He doesn't like being looked at in the eyes.
Stalking Season
There's a sound in my dreams and I don't want it to stop
लालची बुढ़िया। - Hindi Kahaniya - Moral Stories - Cartoon Fairy Tales – ...
My first day on the job at Disney World and the eyes can lie. (9)
There's a room in the house where my father keeps secret research for his biotech company. I finally broke the lock. (FINAL)
I’m Starting a Collection
One slow June night
There is a Cheez-Its bag on my floor and it is watching me
Removal
I used to work for a Government Black site, what we created was a mistakeI used work for a Government Black site, what we created was a mistake
My college sorority is different. – Twice as strong
I Started at AGas station; I got a weird list of rules.
The Man On The Beach
The first.
She's A Good Girl, Monster Or Not
The Forever Game
I Think I Was Sexually Abused Before I Could Remember NSFW
They Are Screaming at Me
A Quick Story
I'm an EMT, This Call Still Haunts Me
I’m being haunted by Sara Sarita
Ward 13 {part one}
Only a Raccoon
The Devil's at my door...litterly...
There is something wrong with my lamps
Has this happened to anyone else on DMT?
I met someone calling themselves The Umbrella Man and they changed my life for the best
I watched a video on YouTube, now weird things are happening in my house.
I'm a pyrokinetic and something found me
All Our Hearts (part two)
My Local Diner Isn't So Charming
The Satanists were kinda right
There's a pond replacing my front yard.
There could be only one of us.
Book on woman empowerment
On the highway to Ashland
I Thought I’d Found the Best Lost 80’s Rock Band
An Encounter With GodThe World Already Ended Once. It is Happening Again.
My Best Friend Killed Herself a Few Months Ago and She’s Back for Revenge
Im a psychic
Don’t tell dream people they aren’t real
I swear there was something wrong with the metro this morning
Let Me Weave You a Tale - Wanna Go For a Ride?
My dad is acting strange after he was discharged from the hospital
Buried Alive
Tales from the Clinic for Addled Minds
Wtf?
The Room That Shouldn’t Be There. Part Three.
As a child, I used to be terrified of the hallway beyond my bedroom door. Here's the story behind it.
Getting icecream
I work for the skinwalker task force
The House In The Woods...
Nosebleed
That thing, It won’t let me go
Where you lay your head
How to Survive Camping: I accidentally hosted the dancer's Christmas party
How to Survive Camping: the little girl
The way the world ends
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - Final Post
sell and free movie
Trying to be a youtube survivalist
I just had my first sleep paralysis experience and it was terrifying and im shook!
Why I Quit Being A Hitman
When chips crackle, it's a bad omen - Part 1
I live on a farm out in the sticks. There are some strange creatures roaming our patch of land.
They Come With the Fog
I though i needed help that time but....
Cabin on the hill
I found entries in my journal that weren't mine.
Sticky
The Black Beggar
No Shirt, No Shoes, No Mask, No Service
Never Existed
September 3rd 1944
My dog saved my life
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City.
I have this one reoccurring dream.
Grandfather Reverses Diabetes Type 2 With Odd Diet Hack
I walked up a staircase in the woods, Part 1
Perfect podcast
Water's Reflection
I Used to work at a radio station.
This is not a ghost story.
My House is Strange: The Garden
Someone is hiding in my house.
I'm staying in a hotel down in Tennessee for job training. There a odd set of rules in the bedside pamphlet. (Part 1)
we went trick or treating, i knew we shouldn't have
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 3)
I've been caught out.
The details - Part 1
How I did not lose my virginity
Every priest must kill a cat demon in order to gain nine lives. I am on my 33rd day of the hunt.
Working overnight in a haunted office building.
The Sinister Cat
I found hidden cameras around my house UPDATE 3
Erase Your Mind.
Don’t know where else to post this so might as well try here
I thought I was going to a Regular meeting, I never thought this would happen...
It came from the mines (Part 4)
The Ravine
“ how John stole my sister” (inspired by snarled and creepy pasta)
The man in all black is back
I am a village veterinarian. Last week I saw a dog die and come back to life.
Adoption is for life.
Three Days, Thirty Years Ago (Part Five) FINAL
Healing Fragile Minds: Schizotypal Personality Disorder
Dead mom
Bloody Tales: Two Sisters
What Happened to Benji?
If you knew how it worked, you would never teleport again.
Armed robbery.
Colonia
Childhood adventures!?
The Old Morrigan House
Father, what is a screwdriver?
She Sat by my Bed
Found a ominous message scrawled on a piece of paper in a nursing home roof cavity, was not a fan!
When the lights go out
I dont know what to do anymore please help.
There's something wrong with the elevator in my building
I've discovered secrets meant to stay buried, and I'm afraid in the process of digging, I've found my own grave.
The Beast of the Mountain (Part 1)
Hit man contract on my life
Sleep Deprivation &amp; Mental Health Problems, Buy Zopiclone Online UK
The cloudy days of my hometown - Good clouds, bad clouds, Orson and the Monkey
The Great Big Marsh
My Friend Emailed Boothworld Industries
Do not add a social media account with your name and information.
Tied Together By The Ropes Of Fate
Life After The Skinwalker
Curiosity killed the cat
Fright Fest Scariest Story Voting Thread
I just got laid off at Disneyland so I am free to talk about "The Strollers"
There is something more sinister about covid-19 happening that the military is hiding from us...... #1
Who I Blame For Covid-19
Time has stopped, but I’m aware of what happens when everything is frozen.
The Experiment (1)
An Enormous Raven Visits Me Every Five Years. Each Time It Does, Someone I love Dies.
4103526029 incall/outcall
It Has Been Snowing for 22 Days
The first and last hike at night
Have you seen the Guillotine commercial on Adult Swim?
White Text Red Text
Porn ads are shady, but not in the way you think.
Chorus of Suffering
A very horrible story
My name is Alvin Serres and I’ve discovered a dark secret in my town...
I think my new job entails something extremely disturbing (part one)
Any Job Suggestions? Tired of Babysitting
I was in an abusive relationship with a vampire
My trip left me speechless.
Specter Valley
Hontoon Island
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 3)
I went into my local forest and I never should've.
My Weird Dreams I've been having and Possible Secrets behind My Family's Past
My Sleep Paralysis Is Getting Worse
My Fiance thinks I'm crazy.
The Hollow Oaks Bakery
Something happens to me every night, please help me..
I'm a special kind of doctor, and I think my latest patient is cursed.
Lat: 68.25858 Long: -136.70194
Three quick facts before I tell you the story of my fiancé's death
Seducing the Devil
The Great Neck Massacre
My roommate reminded me of something that I completely forgot happened to me
I Recently Started Working for the United States Census Bureau; I Think they Want our Dead
A Short Term Relationship
ClIcK ThE LiNk NoW Or He WiLL GeT YoU ThE MaN WiTh ThE KnIfEs
This is an actual account I had when I was 17years old
I think I am turning into a monster
My father is the best scientist in the world (Part 1)
I don't think I want an answer
The use of shrunken heads (Part 5)
Dark shadowy figures lurk behind trees. But they’re not the only thing you should be afraid of.
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive. (Part 7) (FINAL)
Chased
I Can’t Visit My Mom’s Grave Anymore
Someone is sitting on the edge of my bed
Hi Trisha!
Disneyland's Closed, But Not Empty
(Open Source) Corona Statistics Dashboard in Angular 9 (PWA) + NodeJS Scrapper
My sister has been having headaches and I recently found strange flowers in my yard.
Has anyone else subscribed to the Disney– streaming service?
Surprise
Ra'Zonath
‘Twas the Second Night After Christmas we had quite a riot
I am an agoraphobe. I finally have my own home.
True scary experiences at my School
Looking for Creepy Stories to Narrate Occasionally
I Saved A Woman from Being Kidnapped, but Now I Resent my Bravery
Reality was worse than my horrific fantasy
When I was 15, I ran away, and something chased me PART 2
Light snow on cold weather ❄️....
My friend asked me to babysit. The house has some weird rules.
Ghost Stories Make Us Feel Shit
I think my brother found images that kill you (Part 2)
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out - Part 3
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
Rule changes for r/nosleep and r/nosleepOOC
Highway 13
Hallowed Ground ~ Part IV
Yesterday’s Nightmare
COLD
Universal Jumper
There's a silver doe in the woods
Disturbing sound that came from my bedroom door...
That smile
The boy that broke my doll pt. 0
My childhood trauma thanks to the swiss TV
Cant sleep ? Fill out this Study Abroad Questionnaire: Very Short
(Part 1) I created a robot that runs off no power source. Only, I have no idea how I did it.
If Someone Asks You To Plant a Seed, Don't
Woke up in the morning.
Not my father
The Laciville Hotel
Making myself beautiful
The winter
I think I moved to the wrong area....part 4
The awakening
They came from the dark
As an employer I give my employees lots of benefits to make them happy
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - PART 3
The dog at my bed
The day I was found. (Part 2)
The man in a top hat (part 1)
Chlorine (1/3)
would anyone be interested in my premium snap? i take requests too🥺🥺❤️
The Red Imperium
I can't look away from my closet. I can't do anything.
It Needs Me to Smell the Flowers // Part One
Yesterday was my best friends birthday, she made me fulfil a wish I will never forget.
Ghostdriver accident
Boston, the dog I adopted.
The Secret at Saint Street
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. The Finger-Lickin' Finale!
I hear a click, and something glimmers through the cracks in my bedroom door.
I am a police officer fending off the dead
The House Followed Me Home
My Creepy Neighbor....
Made me laugh...had to share. What a lovely fictional short story 😂😂
The Old Man
I Watch Out the Window
CURIOSITY
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 2
Melody's Shoes
I was at home eating dorito when phon ring
Zombie apocalypse log #1. Something happened
I found a strange CD in an old book from a popular radio host
Venom
A Scoop of Sadness
The Figures Passing Through My Room, Voices Behind My Door.
Thanatophobia
Insane shadow person that won't stop following me
Mama's killed my brother twice, and he's still here. I don't want to be next.
Our Community is Perfect and Nobody Can Leave
The Neighbor's
We create our own Gods
Tales From My Haunted College Apartment (Part 1)- Trapped In An Endless Stairway
Cartel Crime
Birthday Sleepover
Please don't accidentally click on weird ads
They Call It Laughing Suicide..
Micheal Boo 😆💗 (Part 1)
My brother was not the same after he got a job..
The Lost Pictures
I deal on the dark web. After this last deal I think I'll be done for a while...
Every Year on May 24th, I Have to Survive a Little Girl that tries to kill me in my Mansion: Part 1 of 2
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part II
Mr. Fink’s Mansion
The Bed
Survival
She will never know..
My school is brainwashing kids!
Diary of Aleksei Grigory 1943-1944Camp Newbegin
Starting A Horror Web Series
Khăn khách sạn cao cấp - Chăn ga gối đệm Sagatex
There's something in the mountains of Afghanistan, and it doesn't want us there.
A German Experiment.
Violence in chinese prisones
My grandad used to come to my room at night wearing a mask. Now I know why.
The Ice Cream Man Stole My Daughter
A Forest of Childhood Memories
My friends went missing when I was six. Now I’m trying to figure out why
Voices Over the Radio [UPDATE 1}
I moved into an old farm house and something is seriously wrong
A Christmas Suicide
What is Wrong with Everyone? Corpses Aren't Hot
It only comes in the rain
The Seeds Of No Tomorrow || WARNING :: NSFW :: EXTREME GORE AND BAD LANGUAGE ||
boeing
The bunker down below (part 1)
I have no rules to follow at my night security job because i have to write them...(Part 2)
I worked as a live-in carer. This is the story of the worst experience I ever had on the job
There’s something in the walls
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Possession
Second Chances
Dear William
Stay Out Of The Water After 10 PM
Void Walker
I work as a night janitor at a Catholic School
I've been cursed to live in the shadows. My best friend Reika is a little paranoid.My brother died in a police shooting and I heard his voice at the funeral Part 2
Hdhejeheb
The last two pictures uploaded by two teenage friends, before they went missing forever
I Keep Watching My Son Die
There's Something Different About Her...
No 14 year old should go through this
The National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Isle Royale
A New Life
The Steel Beast of La Paz
A god of their own
What if Adam and Eve never left the Garden?
A Night Full Of Visits
Scariest inception like nightmare I've ever had.
I think my best friend is dead, and nobody believes me.
Have you ever went to a different reality? I have.The Unknowable Ones, Part 1
IMG_0013: HELP ME!!!
Mirror
Operation A little Birdy Told me
I work at NASA. We made alien contact yesterday.
Horizontes Antagônicos’ Mass Hysteria Experiment
They're Not The Same
Heroes Suck
If people say a place is haunted, believe them: Part II
Just some really scary story.
Im shocked and distraught
Right now
I am a new fire Watchman and some things are strange
November 2019 Winners!
The cracking man
My Father Stood Outside My Bedroom Window. He's been Dead For 5 years
They almost found me...
I am trapped in a supposed to be dream
Disappearing Act
looking for a no sleep that someone narrated on youtube
I think the Government covered up what happened to vessel 2149.
The sinners shall pay
My Sister Lottie
5 a.m.
I don't understand. It's impossible, impossible...
Chatroom A
;
Days go by.
Ellie Grace pt. 1
The Dabbing monster keeps chasing me,I can't sleep anymore.
The "Dream Experiment"
The Man in the Window
Home by Robert Herr
One Of Us Is The Werewolf
Twins disappeared in my town and I now know why.
Fogged
GM-01 Documentation: Surveyor
The Dark Side of LSD
A series of mysterious murders
Child-proof Living
I Can Never Leave
The Funhouse Experiment: Part 2
What do u think?
(Part 6) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings.
The fat guy and Tsukiji(the Chinaman)
My daughter hasn’t been herself lately, not since I brought her to that hospital...
Desolate Water: Part 1
Help!!! Need content for new youtube channel
Skinwalker In the Pecos Wilderness, New Mexico (My experience in June of 2016)
Crime Scene Cleanup is always messy, but the kind I do requires I bring extra body bags
It happens in threes.
I just met the lone survivor of a village that disappeared 200 years ago.
Voices and Footsteps. Am I crazy?
I know what happened at Dyatlov Pass
I took a journey on the wrong old ship!
The Children In The Alleyway
My Roommate Had Weird Eating Habits
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i found was not human PT3
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 14)
The unknown dimension.
I recently found my missing Tulpa, I am now preparing to kill her off.
Tales from the faefolk
I got kicked out of a bar. I thought my night couldn't get any worse...
I don’t know we’re I am
Does anyone else Have this issue?
My parents found god.
The Wizard of Oz
How do you measure loneliness?
There is no place like home
Please help me find my wife Samantha and our kids Sam and Sammy.
My best friend and I found a strange corpse in the forest (Part 2)
It Knocks Three Times
Don't look twice at the man in white
The tax of sanity: Something was growing inside me
Bang Bang Bang
The Winter Man
I got bit by a dog or something and I think it gave me some kind of disease
If You Stumble Across an Abandoned Garden in the Countryside, You'll Never Know What You Might Find Inside
I'm a Counselor at my School District's Sleepaway Camp, and Something Strange is Going On...
In his house at R'lyeh, dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.
Ty
I think there's something wrong with my cat.
I needed a break.
Kathputli - How the love story of a puppeteer's daughter scarred me for life.
The house on Dreary lane (part 1)
I think I have been cursed with the passion for blood.Beneath the Willow Tree
The six million years project
I recently found a journal and it’s contents terrified me.
My college sorority is different. – Multiplier and Jeanne
My daughter told me she was hungry. I should have taken her seriously.
never be too sure
I know why we shiver at the sound of nails on a chalkboard
I'm learning the true cost of creating antibodies. This is just the beginning.
Never stay up past 12:00 watching this.
A Boy Scout's Secret
I had to bring a corpse from another dimension back to life. Killing it again was the hard part.
We were accustomed to death but we didn’t expect it to get so much worse during the strawberry season
Don’t go to the Wendy’s with black eyes
The Ghosts of Black Pine Forest
I'm a cast member in your favourite TV show, and there's something wrong with my castmates.
My brother has been acting weirdly ever since he got a new video game
im new so I don’t know if this is allowed
I found something when I was home alone. I’m not sure the police will be any help.
With care, m.s.
I befriended a Demon
I met a weird kid
Feeding fish starts to feed my nightmares
judgment night
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 11)
Trying to find an old Nosleep story
Prometheus, the curiosity machine
walking in his skin
What was that sound, and why didn't my motion sensor lights trigger?
Lost Angels.
Five months ago, I suffered a concussion
I've been seeing creatures in my dreams
Am Happy When White People Get Murdered.
I Just Had to Wear That Dress
The Man in the Tub
Cult 11
When I broke into an abandoned house, I found something inside that I don't think was human.
Maybe I’m Just The Worst Timeline
The blessed world
I found the "What-If" Museum. It's why I'm in this world now.
I just saw my sister who was not at home
I found a murder's dumpsite.
I really hope I wont sleepwalk tonight, mother
I went to Fun Time Kidz Care when i was 3.
My Neighbor's Tornado Shelter
Each time my daughter wails, there's a death in the family. Recently, she wailed my name, and I'm terrified.
dead
i had a twin brother
Spooky Rules Found At Grandma's house. *So Scary*
The school that I work for never sent the kids home for the summer
An Intrusion
Angolan civil war true story
Buy it
She wont leave me alone - Part I
I don’t have a good feeling about this party.
Quarantine Dreams (Part 1)
I Found Out That I Have A Sister
Something terrifying happened while I was taking a shower in the morning, and my teacher knows something ominous about it.
I believe my girlfriend is being watched.
The Scourge of Cognizance
Katie's Discovery 1
I moved to my grandmother's house and something scratches on my window at night
I saw and felt everything, but I wish I didn't...
I used to drive UBER in LA and I saw some weird things.
I'm a Marine Biologist Studying Blue Whales in the Pacific Ocean... They Are Not The Largest Animal in the World
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: I Think I’ve Started Remembering What Happened.
How to Survive Camping: blood forcibly taken
The ice cream truck in my neighborhood sells moon flavored ice cream
The phone call-Chapter of I of a haunted office story.
The Name of Joseph Keller. The Boy that Walked Off The World's Edge
Five students have died at my high school this semester while trying this new internet challenge.
I hunt serial killers. The FBI has nicknamed me The Grim Reaper and I can’t stop until I find Legion and destroy him.
I think i kill in my sleep (Part1)
I've Been Known to Practice Some Unlicensed Dentistry
Infectious Nightmare
The time I went onto .onion domains
Pumpkins Make Me Drink.
Missing Persons Case 3102015-14, re-opened. Investigation Report 9-11-2019 - Section 2
The Barman and the Bankers
Something strange happened today at the hospital I work at.
The war drags on, the Americans closing in, but we will never surrender
I’m stuck in a room, I have a list of rules to guide me.
I'm dead
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (part four)
Taiwanese horror stories: Mountain Gremlins and the Little Girl in Red
People in My Community Are Going Missing
The Abandonment of Hope
Canceled
True Story, could just be from a life of anxiety and a vivid imagination, but here it is
Mistaken Identity
The neighbor's god kept barking. it has been quiet for a long time now
New V3 Domain Address
under the bed lives peeping tom
I went to my bathroom and now I'm in a different dimension
The Curse Of Who I Am.
I Am Being Haunted By Something Which is Breaking Me One Piece at a Time
Please help! I don't know what to do?
Always ask about old tenants.
I watched men die between her legs
An Internet Meme Violated Me
My first visit to a place beyond reality
true story
Lonely bus for lonely people
Intermittent Feasting
Where the hell did my cat even come from?! (Part 1)
Ki. L L mE
How do you fix a broken home?
I Explored an Abandon House and I Didn't Like What I Found
Things are changing back home (Part 2)
The sun dies out in a few hours, I accepted it
A strange thing happened to me a few weeks ago during my grocery shopping and I cannot get over it
Windchimes
I saw an Angel last night
My best friend's mom was super fucking hot
I can't control myself, please help me.
The Book of Autonomancy: A Spell for Protection from Triggering Media (Part 13)
The House Rules
There is a man. A man that lives in the corners of our eyes.
I uploaded my dying father's consciousness onto a computer. Everything was going great, until the blackout.
It’s not my pets.
Something hides in the woods..
Dream Center
I am a pet store security guard and I have a weird set of rules to follow (The Watchful Eye of the Eagle) (Part I)
Who am I?
THE BIG LIE
I started a new job as a hotel receptionist, now I'm stuck on an endless loop.
My friends keep spamming me this stupid meme!
Have you ever had a nightmare that's stuck with you? I have
Slipper stalker
hello, I'm new here, i don't read a lot of books, but i write just for fun. i made this (not finished yet) there are a lot of mistakes but i want your honest opinions on it, please and thank you in advance.
Why me? Why me of all people?
The Tolstoy Wing
Something happened last week
You Should Pay More Attention..
My campsite was taken over by something.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Water Shoes Women Sandals Shower Swim Pool Beach River Shoes Comfort Sandals &amp; Beach Shoes Hollow Out Pure Color Flat
I am the worst at picking vacation spots (part 1)
I started running late at night
My next appointment
I see human shadows on the wall, but when I turned around there is nothing
And everything will be okay.
Paranoia is the worst.
Travel to mars went horribly wrong
Heaven is yellow.
I Used To Be a Social Worker. I Am Going to Tell You Why I Stopped.
this is why you shouldn’t ask a ouija bird how you’re going to die (part 2)
The Pest
Something's hidden in my house
Grandma’s Strings
They told me my baby was special. part 2
I'm Patricia Barnes, hitman for ghosts that only I can see. This is how I started wrapping things up.
emma's in the basement
The To Do List
Warning: Please Do Not Play Phasmophobia
The Pandora Files: Case Unknown
I reach out to individual both low and high income earners enlighten them on the benefit of investing into bitcoin mining with the so aim of meeting their financial needs. For it's a Lucrative Investment with good profit in Return Text me if Intinterested
The man behind the wall
This might be the cure!
Is there anybody out there looking out for me?
Demon Possession Necklaces
"What the hell was that?!"
I remember everything so vividly.. like the smell.
Glitched
Lights under Everfall
I've created this story into animation ....
The three poachers PT. 1
Even after all of the creepy experiences in this wildlife refuge, we keep going back!
It's Best to Play Along
Trivia, why not, anyone can remember things, right?
I'm a criminal psychologist and I interviewed a man a few years ago who shot his friends at a crowded marina because he thought they were monsters. He may have been telling the truth.
We all have that creepy/odd kid
My Husband is Terrified of Drums
Target
I Found a Journal Deep in the Woods of Superior National Forest
This Post will disappear but you all helped
As a therapist I’m used to patients who don’t understand boundaries, but the latest doesn’t even understand humans.
I got recommended a mobile game and I think it will become the end of me
Why I never go out of my room after 1:00 A.M
The Garden of Silence
I always wondered what happened to mrs Maxine, until I went into her old house
The Past in the Cereal Aisle
An Internet Meme Attacked Me
Last logs from Recovered phone # 423 .
I used to clean houses for a living. This is why I quit.
My mother found a lost episode of The Twilight Zone.
01101101 01100101 01110011 01110011 01100001 01100111 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101
The world ended last night and nobody remembers (Part 4)
Alex Kueng
I'm a doctor. I just met a man who was literally falling apart.
Lock Your Doors (part 1 of 3)
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Apparently having no Christmas spirit can be fatal
Please help me find a story
Emily, Again
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 8
My stalker is in the house pt.1
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor PART 9
I never should have asked Esther Pedersen to prom
And urban legend I heard
I think I am going crazy living on my own.
Marid: An Introduction to American Djinn
They are already here
Extremely Creepy Experience At My School Last Year
There's a clown in my bathroom. He feeds on darkness.
Why I quit my airport job
The Devil's Three Strange Rules For Cooking People. And Baking Gingerbread Cookies.
Im a new narrator and asking if you can submit your stories to this subreddit
I Can't Sleep Because Of The Screams Pt.2
I don't think I have a maternal instinct because I don't like my baby
A door frame in our house has a number
What dogs actually see when they bark at you
Pail
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan
Suggestion request— NoSleep stories revolving around video games?
The Mental Murderer
Maternity Row: Pregnant Virgin Seeks Advice
Just A Fan
My name is Christine and I don't have a face because a dead girl wants hers back.
Astral Trespassing
I woke up in a strange place
I'm a security park member, and there are some things you must know (The Park, part 1)
I Recently Started Working for the United States Census Bureau; I Found a Hole in my Route
the death threats...
My 57 year old neighbor is terrifying pt. 2
No Electricity
I saw SOMETHING
She works for The Corporation, but now it's my turn to tell you something. (Interlude)
Something was outside my house last night and I don't know what it was
The Hoarder House on Sycamore Lane
A different place in the world
There was someone in my villa PART 1
The Simpsons isn't how I remembered it..
I have been receiving disturbing Easter eggs for 2 weeks. Today i ment the one who sent them to me
I spent seven days on North Sentinel Island, and I lived to tell the tale. (Final)
i didnt mean to
My roommate was trying to expose the truth behind the Mount Palmer Psychiatric Institute. I think he was silenced for it.
The thing that goes bump in the night may just be your own body
Please, just don’t open your eyes.
I'm a natutalist who studies and documemts every supernatural being out there in the world
Just Hurting Yourself
The Womb of New Eden
I found something between Floor 7 and Floor 8 (Part 1)
The owls watch part 1
My life's story (Part 1)
The purge pt.2
The Beginning: Rouge Therapist. Patient Violet Castor
I thought my girlfriend was pranking me, the truth was much worse.
My name is Frankie. I am already dead if you see this, you need to hide. Let me explain.
A Mysterious Childhood Game
My neighbor was mowing his lawn for 13 straight hours
Cold Juice – The Cadence Archives Episode One (1)
We’ve wasted time by watching the skies for intelligent life. It’s the ocean we really needed to watch.
I was almost kidnapped
A missing plane, sort of
This is a story about a rehab center...
Straw berrys don’t look the same
"That's a very strong accusation."The Hallway In My Closet
Haunting Hotel Stay stories that happened with me.
I didn't pay my phone bill, but something did.
I'm on an amateur cooking competition show
Netflix Is Evil
Bear Island
Fishies
The Road Kill on Rabbits Run Road pt. 2
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
Did you ever heard about Lake Baikal? (Part Two)
plz dont take this down fam
I’ve lived in my basement all my life but now I know the truth
They cancelled trick or treating this year
Nuclear Saturday
I Didn't know what i was doing…..
Every year a kid in our town goes missing. We just found out why.
There Are Things You Shouldn't Mock.
I wish I would have minded my business...
My Family Was Cursed With a Demon... He Was Cursed With Us.
I joined a group of dangerous people, part 3
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. Some weird things are going on
My husband stuck it in crazy.
We Hated The Millers
Static on The Record.
The Man In Black: Chapter 1: He Was In The Field...
My Sleep Paralysis Animated
My name is Cassandra
My masterpiece
My ex boyfriend is a vampire
My best friend was planning to kill me.
My Grandfather died from Covid two weeks ago, but he still refuses to believe that it isn't a hoax
any of you what this is then pls HELP
The Lights Are Always On
Daddy says, "Don't Stop"
The Dog on David's Farm
I can’t sleep at night. I thought it would help.
I am a sex worker. Sometimes you just need a safe space.
For my dear princess..
I Think my Dog is Raping Me (Part 1)
No people were harmed in the making of this film.
Ŧħě ṨţǟɭкɚՐ: Part 1
My Monster Part 3 -Now I know why my wife has nightmares
I’ve been using AI-generated images to study the afterlife for years. Today, I quitted. - with images
Daddy said not to go in the forest
Stop to Smell the Roses
The true nature of reality will be revealed by 2025
Her name....is Chelsea
Any abandoned/haunted places in UK that are not famous
Fairies Don't Have Wings. They Have Fangs.
You have 1 new email in your primary inbox.
What is your proudest writing achievement?
2020 Survival Journal
creepypasta: halloween- the legend of Chris Brown
Recovered Footage
The camping trip.
Float.
Our marriage is being managed by Reddit users
Dads Ritual // Part 2
I work in a Fertility Clinic. Part 5. Final update
I’m an archaeologist who located the fountain of youth and drank what was left. Its guardian is now after my life.
I'm College Student Studying Field Biology, I Think I've Found Something That Will End the World
My Worst Fear.. I’ll Never Forget
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 7)
Scratches kept appearing on my newborn baby’s face, yet she had no fingernails.
My Sleep Paralysis
Scary experience
Cedar oaks park
My Grandma told me her disturbing secret 2 years ago, it still haunts me to this day PART 2
My Neighbors Killed my Brother
The Cthulhu Cult members aren't the lunatics you think they are...
My Reflections Stares at Me When I'm not Looking
If 2020 wasn’t scary enough, here’s a creepy story to start off the New Year!
CONTACT TRACEING IS A SCAM TO TROUND PEPOLE UP
The isolation made me realize that there's something in my house
A Little Tributary off the Thames (Part one)
I took a book from one of those "Little Libraries". I wish I could put it back. (Part 1)
I'm a ranger for the US Forest Service and I think the mountains are watching me
The man in the sewer
The Virus Isnt What It Seems
I found someone else's journal in my stuff while I was moving.
The Tree Man
I missed Gekyumes circumcision.
The Hotel that Didn't Exist
I wish I hadn't been the Dead Man
The administrator asked me to go to space. I should’ve said no.
When I was a Park Ranger they were hiding something from the public behind a barbed-wire fence
It’s so easy to dismiss the things our children hear in the house at night. I really wish I hadn’t.
I met a man in a park, then he did something to my daughter.
do you know this child
Never let it burn
My reflection is smiling at me (part 1)
Figure under the light.
doNt TeLl
The most surreal thing happened at dinner last night.
Crunch.
Horror game still in development but you can play demo!
Mother’s Day, I never wanted children, here’s why.
Things to see when visiting the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Lacey the Doll
A Start.
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me.
I am a police offer and I just received a call to investigate a case where a woman claims that a toilet ate her son.
I went camping yesterday, and I... I am never gonna find my way home.
The city of Oakland ate my father
I saw a white inexplicable light. ((((First post is this ok))))
my mind constantly throws parties 25/8
Get out of my woods...
My acne saved my life.
2020 Nosleepover Cancellation
Becoming Haunted
Please Forgive Us
My gf and I tested our relationship with distance
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part Three)
Is there any creepypasta written originally in Serbian?
i know this is long but god please read this. does anybody know anything about the sun people?!
I’m a Medical Mystery. I know what happened to me, but nobody will believe me.
Suck it
the month of April
My husband is sketchy-Part 1: the discovery
Motion Detected at your Ring Doorbell
I could not understand.
I don’t get why people think clinical depression is entirely genetic
My Imaginary Friend Was Spiderman
What is the creepiest REAL photo you have ever seen?
Enjoy your vacation at Lake Chillmoore - Plan a weekend , spend a lifetime:
The thing that flies.
Door to No-where
I wish I was allowed to sleep, but understand why I can't
The 2 Of Us Saw Creatures We Can't Explain in the Australian Outback
The Red
I work for the anti-cryptid special ops part 2
I have trouble staying asleep. Would melatonin help?
Feed Me.jpeg
She wasn't who she said she was... I barely escaped alive.
I am a vigilante who uses a strange smartphone app to find criminals - Part 3
She Wouldn't Stop Screaming
The Wedding Singer
Emergency. Invaders
In my school there was a weather alert but the weather wasn't the thing we where suppose to worry about
Mr. Bee Likes His Sandwiches Frozen
AMBER Alert
Don't randomly insult things. Part-1
My Best Friend can't find his girlfriend
the ghost in my house
Close your vents. Or else it could be waiting to make you join it inside.
My town is now an active war zone.
Little did I know this sweet smelling, yellow flower would bring me so much pain
Adventure
There is a voice calling for me every night, it's slowly getting closer
Kinda a horror story and sleep paralysis experience. Thought I'd share here
I don't go on roller coasters anymore. This is why.
Ancient Gods, A Cult, and Spontaneous Combustion: Part 1
Half of my life is dark and I am not sure whether that's a good thing
The Everdream
Something terrible came with the rain
Don't Get Yourself Into A Knot, Mr Twine
A woman whispered in my ear.
Urban Exploring in the Southeast USA
Gaze
This is the third impalement I've had to deal with this week alone
Today I retired as sheriff of Lamar County
The Thing that Lingers
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I am tired.. I don't know if I can do this anymore.
I met an old man who couldn't remember his name
The Singing Man Cries
love
THE GREY PLACE
I needed a boat in order to go out into a "haunted lake."
My copy writing job was more than I bargained for
"The Strangest Dream"
As I Lay Part Two
The Sonic Movie Redesign Wasn’t Because of Fan Backlash
Our True Purpose: Annihilation
My Twin Died, but Our Connection Didn't - Chapter 2 - Lucid Dreaming
I Got Hit By A Car On My Way To School and Time Warped
Favors For Norse Gods: Eljudnir
You should always close your books before 00:11:01
Every Thursday morning, I get letters from no one
Masks
Is My Housemate Even Real?
What happened that night
Japanese Folktale - Translated
This is My Hour.
I keep seeing things when time pauses at 2:22.
Please tell me about Nicolas Sequeira?
The Waiting Room and the Shadow
Route 42
I've been hired to test out a Self-Driving Car. Definitely not what I expected
Everybody stopped recognising me (part two)
A true story from my mom and dad
Ghost Game
When The Guests Come
We played a trust-building game. The people playing weren’t there when the game was over.
"I survived the SS Ourang Medan."
Help! I need to know what’s going on.
Whatever you do... DONT follow it.
Une colocation pas comme les autres
Strangers
I'm an instagram influencer. You need to block this account right now.A serial killer is loose in California and they hunt vigilantes.
A strange Painting
I HAD AN ENCOUNTER WITH A BAD MAN IN A WHITE VAN AND NOW I’M IN WITNESS PROTECTION (PART 1)
The true dark entity
I escaped from a Skinwalker, I was lucky.
I Found An Old Pirate Ship, Here’s What Happened Next.
The Late Night Shift
DECEASED DAUGHTER— 1stThe sea is red in certain places.
My wife and I went on a cruise last week. We barely made it back Alive. Final Part.
Bioluminescence
I work for child protective services, but these parents are afraid of their son.
Due to popular demand - The Spirit Who Loves Me. A follow on from ‘The Baby Monitor’Small town life isn't so bad. Why do people keep running away?
Last September (Ending)
I Survived A Ya Romance
Grandmas Closet.
Part One of My Story
Motherhood
A paradise lost, a mother’s desire strong
To all students attending my school: I know the new Japanese girl is super popular, but for your own sake, do not go near her!
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
Sanctorum - Part 1
It’s watched me throughout my life
Past in the present
The thing in my basement, molten chapter 1
I found a USB stick outside my house, something was wrong with it
The Call That Ended My Career
The skeletons were trying to tell me something. I didn't listen. Now I'm about to take matters into my own hands.
My Friends and I Went to a Graveyard, and We're Never Going Back
My Best Friend Jessica (Part 2) - Meatloaf
I Wrote the Rules (Rules 1 and 2)
In the Eyes of the Woods
The Most Bizarre Show
Pretty sure I can tell the future
I Can See to the Other Side
The whistling man
Mentally Scarred by a Journal
My Mother Is Everywhere
Beyond our nightmares
Unthinkable
AMA Ive been immortal for 15 years now so ask me anything about it!
Don't Trust your Five Senses
The hatch in the roof
I work at an antarctic facility, and an experiment went horribly wrong.
Keep Your Eyes Open for a Good Tutoring Service: A Message For Winston
Visions Of Death
Have you heard of the Third-Ritter bug?
Realm Warrior: Scribblings of a MadMan
I’m about to die, so I have to tell someone what happened.
My nightmares are all becoming real. I don’t know what to do. (1)
There's something very wrong with this radio station.
It's to cold...
The Man In White -
I went to a Church camp.
Nebula
My girlfriend was swallowed by the ocean, and I am getting her the fuck back
The New Tyfern kidnappings - My visions
The Ocean is Calling
The ringing bells keep me awake at night.
The same nightmare everyday for a week
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - My First Shift In The Maze
July 9th, 2943
"The Noise", my first horror attempt
DO NOT LEAVE THE CIRCLES
I think my cat is doing something horrible (Part 2)
Corona-Zombies!
my sis and i destored a clown doll and creppy things have been happing
Anyone Interested?
My Life as a Voodoo Puppet (Finale)
I Awoke To The Worst Experience Of My Life, And It Will Never Be The Same
The White Kitten
COVID is not what it seems
Nosleep Quaterly Ebooks from 2018 - Present
The curse of the Pharaohs Do you think that it is real or imagination?
I'm 27, and my dog has been with me since I was born.
Something else took the wheels
Something is slowly coming for me, and it has been more than a year.
Tracy - Part 2 -
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help! (Part 3)
Sanitary Work With a Side of the Paranormal.
The waffle iron gives me advice. It doesn't like it when I have a mind of my own.
I work as a videographer. I was asked to do a job for a school that didn't seem to exist..
I am the last titan
A story from my childhood I still can't explain
i’m pretty sure my neighbour’s house is haunted. that, or it’s infested by a demon.
Nickelodeon's Kids Choice awards - lost award
Always Check the Closets
The Demons Arrive.
Onda Derpaling dun did Volume 2
please help us
A Scratching at the Door (part 2)
My Sleep Paralysis Demon is Actually A Pretty Chill Guy
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. First up: Rule #2
I think my school is drugging the students
The Bathroom Window
I just moved into a very, very strange place.
My own ghost has haunted me for my entire life.
Nothing
A story everyday 500 words or less to get the grey cells cooking again
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum”
Don't get snatched at night: Part 3
I Found A USB Drive At My Work And What I Found On it...
Sleep Paralysis Phenomena, or SPP
Monster under my bed
66 OakTree Dr. (Part One)
Stranger won't quit calling
We found an underground bunker full of people
Murders and Supernaturals I've met...
The dog that made me jump😱😂🤣
Along Came Halloween
If you're seeing this please help!
I've Had a Stalker For Three years and Never Knew until He Rear Ended Me (Part Two)
Don't Answer
Looking for a story, possibly CreepyPasta, I heard on Youtube
The monster in the woods
House Sitting
my family has always worked for NASA and been studying the space above, you wont believe the things we know. (part one)
The old mirror(Part 1)
The Beasts of the Deep
The wind tried to warn me
The weird place I moved into you have to believe me
The Involvement of Rome
The Ancients: The Decent of a Child of Lilith
A masked boy took me to another world.
The Crackhouse Guide to Getting Over Breakups and Living a Better Life Through Fear
She Rode In On a Pale Horse
The Fiend of Benson Canal - Part 1 of 3
It isnt FDA approved, but this new weight loss method works!
I Unearthed Family History That Should Have Stayed Buried
The Albino Deer
A dream that I can never forgot.
The shadow person in my house
A mobile asylum came to my neighborhood. It scarred me for life.
Something That's Happened to Me While Embalming
Saltwater
If you get an email offering you $1000 to take part in a new game's free trial, DO NOT ACCEPT.
My old cell mate(s)
My friends and I went to an escape room. We're never going again.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
Have You Ever Woken Up Feeling Groggier Than Normal?
I found this letter in an abandoned motel room next to human remains.
I'm not sure I can decline this commission
I’ve been stuck without light for 7 Years. It’s not as dark as you think.
Red Eyed Soul Mates.
I got High Last Night, and Now I Have to Warn You All
Children keep disappearing in Pirin National Park, and I found out why
If you think I'm a terrible father, I don't blame you.
A series of bizarre suicides leads to speculation about a potential cult presence at a local boys' penitentiary.
You guys are some vindictive assholes here. Killing a dudes livelihood for sharing stories posted here on a PUBLIC FORUM.
posted this this before on my old acc but eh
The Experiments at Willow Ridge
The Red Eyed 'Thing' Haunts the Odd Shaped House on Linnview Avenue
The Psy-Lab
Real Scary Footage
A Faint Glow
Don't play Hatchetman Cove
My problem with friendship
Have you ever seen a Meat Ball/Meat Centaur in Florida, or something like this?
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I have been face-to-face with the epitome of Fear.
Welcome to second round of the Psych Lab
Forgotten Restaurant
Mr. Lore: Going to Oakmill!
My school is not safe anymore
“Ever looked under the bed?”
The Screaming From the other side of the River
My Family Is Cursed - But I Will End It - Part 4
NoSleep Interview with Flard!
How sleep deprival made me hallucinate
We taught an A.I how to paint. Now it's showing us the future - and it doesn't look good for any of us.
Went in for sleep treatment, found out what's coming for the world. (p1)
Something is following me
First Story and Post: “The Corner”
Someone is sending me my son's fingers - Part 2
I'm a wendigo, but not a normal one. Answer Post
We moved into a true house of horrors and now it won't let us leave ( Part 2 )
sleep as android recorded this last night.
The Horns from Hell (Part 4)
The Screaming Man🗣
I'm being forced to face my demons on the longest first shift ever - The Spirit of Wrath
One of history’s most famous relics is actually a warning, but it might be too late to translate the message
I had no choice...
The house in the woods
I might be living with a witch end (part 8)
shaking closet door
My dad brought a creepy mirror home and now I can’t sleep properly. Part 1
Mommy doesn't like my friend
A new job.
Nanny mcphees younger sister nanny Joyce likes you discipline old and sick people
Lovecraft In-Laws
I’m not babysitting again
Last visit to grandmas
You won't notice when I'm gone
I'm a high school student. The ghost I've been playing tennis with for years said he's going to kill me.
I Work in a Prison
That girl I used to know.
This Is My Daughter’s Final Journal Entry. After Her Apartment Caught On Fire, She Went Missing.
A brief account of how I got The Slither
*WARNING-YOU-ARE-NOT-SAFE.*
I had a secret, but daddy told it.
Has Anybody Gone Fishing In Space?
I'm a surveyor for Hillcraven Gold Mine. I think people are trapped in the tunnels.
The black figure of my dreams
I found an old Red Car in underground tunnel
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (4)
1/My Lies are Your Truth/1
Daemon Sale
September 2020 Voting Thread
The North Pole is really weird. You on’t believe what I found there.
I knew there was a kidnapper in town, and he captured me. Part 2
The outbreak
Amorphous Blob
I work for the Mob doing the jobs no one else will. This is why I stay away from abattoirs.
Wrapped in Ribbon
I saw my deceased classmate recently (Update)
Cherubs
Alternate dimension
I run a museum of cursed objects. Let's talk about the Crow.
Please Lord, let me live just one more day
Ill Omens and Witch Oils
I took an unmarked exit and ended up in a plastic town
Happened last night
I saw my own suicide and i don't think it's just a dream
The Mannequin Masked Man
Down by the Courthouse
It was never my dream to be a teen "idol"
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 8
Greta
I keep getting these strange marks on my body.
There's a wall of flesh in my neighbor's basement.
Voyager 1 came back with something different (Part 1)
Keto Diet Natural Weight Loss Solution For Successful Diet Results | Helps Induce a Metabolic State of Ketosis | Supports Natural Weight Control | Supports a Healthy Metabolism | Order 3 Months Supply and Receive 2 Bottle Free = Total 5 Months Supply
The Christmas Tree?
If you use sleep sounds at night, stop.
Had a dream, scary at first
I accudentally brought a gay demon to life and now he's ruining all my drag shows. Part 1.
Something seriously wrong is going on at my school. I think I know more about what these weird rules mean now.
Disappearances in the Disney Underground
I Know Why There Are so Many Missing Children Posters (Part 2)
My new friend is missing, can someone please help me?
We had to make up scary stories to tell in class. One stood out from the rest.
scam calls have really gotten bad lately, and we are all in danger
the warm side of the hill
I Think I Helped an Old Man Pass to the Other Side
The Cloud Stalker (Part 2)
No one Noticed the Bees
Whats wrong with my brain?
hueman invader...
I Think There's a Cult in my Cul-de-sac
They never come back
I broke into my crushes house, and now I'm scared of her
WhatsApp messages
The bleeding lake
Feast of the Dead
I fell asleep during school. I woke up and everything’s beyond off. I think I may have somehow died. (Part 2)
I know he died two weeks ago. There’s only one complication: there he was. Sitting opposite me.
When exploring abandoned buildings, never take the last step.
I Think I'm in Danger
I think a man is in my attic
I woke up in my bedroom from my childhood home. It was bulldozed six years ago.
IT'S HERE (part 1)
Beyond the wall
The Janis Box
The family feud
My friend had a childish fear.
RECOLLECTION
The monsters in your closet are hiding too.
My wife disapeared, i think something have taken her - prologue
Can't stop thinking about them. Seeing them. Thinking about them. See them.
A dream that was supposed to beA interesting game of hiding go seek
The prison I’m in is a front for something far, far worse
A Big, Juicy, Bowl of Justice.
I was sent to a base in eastern europe, don't answer the cries for help.
I’ve always been weird......
Seventeen Mile Cave
anxiety + sleep
I feel that as global warming is increasing, COVID19 are the ways to slow it down.
Already dead
I Am Become Death, Destroyer of Worlds
Daddy Knows Best. Always.
Walking in to the void
Whimsy World
My experience with spirits. Evolving more than 10 years in spirituality.
My demon dog was my protector
Regret
30+ Kids Have Died Because Of This Toy
Please if you know a place like I describe in my dream please tell me and please interpret this dream if you can. They have been happening for weeks.
A massive water tower appeared in my backyard overnight. It's leaking a foul-smelling liquid and driving the wildlife crazy...
If youre in the forest at night and hear female vocals, RUN!
My Scary Adventure Part I
The Tapper
Do NOT Visit Americatown
I Reaped Souls for Lady Death. She Wasn't Happy When I Quit.
My Father Hasn't Been the Same Since His Accident
True Horror stories
I don't know if I killed her
Dont listen to the noise
He watches us from a distance
The song.
My friend's Skinwalker
Backstory of momo
The night walker
I think my grandparents' house might be haunted
I'm losing hope.
I found a box of old journals in my father's house. Something seems eerily real about them.
Words of Wisdom part 2
Rustyodine Byroglycide
I ate human flesh
My Horrifying Camping Experience
We’re selling our haunted house (part 2)
My first Valentine's day is not one I would ever forget, but not for the reasons you think
The sound part 1
The Afterlife isn't what we expected
I work at a video rental store
The buried baby.
I followed a man...Our child's delivery didn't exactly go as we had hoped
TESTING LOGS
Fire Lookout here, let's talk about my first summer
Distress Signal
Three Nights Ago I Tried To Commit Suicide, I Keep On Trying But I Just Can't Seem To Die
The Faces of the Dead Look Down on Me
I had an unusual encounter with something 7 years ago and now I'm unable to close my eyes. (Part 1)
I'm a hospital nurse. I found out why no one can ever sleep in room 14..
I'm a Zoologist and I've Found Something Strange
Don't let the devil steal your WIFI signal
It's been 3 months for me.
Something's Been Hounding My Family
No Wifi
Going to the Doctor is Such a Headache
Elizabeth: The girl who follows. (True Story)
I Found Out How To Get Back The Demon Who Possessed Me
I don’t think I’m alone anymore
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (PART 5)
I stumbled upon a town that's stuck in the 1940s. Getting on the Mayor's bad side may cost you your life!
Night-shift Security Guard Manual (Happy Places Mall)
I’m part of a rescue mission, in an underground cave… on the search for a missing girl.
The Golden Bough
the client -part one
Something was knocking on my window. Part-1 / The perfect Planning Part-2/ My dream Boyfriend Part-3
Paranormal Investigation- Part 2
The Long Tunnel
The Girl Next Door
20Pcs/Pack Hot Professionv Disposable Mask #mask
The day i burnt my grandfathers photo
They Sold Packaged Love For Free...Now I Know Why
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to take care of his house. Not so sure I should have taken the job.
" I'm Coming "
Grandma and her ranch
A monster has turned my own body and everyone against me
The Earth has fallen dark (part 1)
We had a big house and this happened..
I was really struggling with writing on here, then I learned this little trick
My Girlfriend Went Missing Searching For The Truth (part 3)
It's now 2:39 am, I heard a knock on the door and I'm not opening it.
Cupid's arrow reveals to people if their partners are cheating. I determine when that arrow flies.
Do you want to get free games and prizes in your free time?
Do you hear the sirens?
Speedball
This Is My Confession.
Silent night
Underneath the Bridge Part 3
The river done rise and take ‘em
I don’t like Deer.
I'm a fisherman, and I picked up a bottle in the net yesterday. There were a few rotten pages in it - pretty old and stiff paper, but crumbling all the same. Cuttlefish blood had been used for ink. With the years crossed out for reference, here is what they say.
The last night shift
When death yearns for death.
My friends are disappearing and I think my parents have something to do with it
My brother tried to suicide in front of us
Mary Had a Little Brother
Sounds
I think I’m satan. I’m not insane.
When Uncle Isaac Came To Visit
Somebody was living under my porch
The Spaces Between the Roads
Heaven: A Warning (part 2)
A Cosmic Betrayal (Part 1)
LOST DOG (Final Part)
Strange People
Kiah Cometh for Thee - Part 3: Orphans and Orphanmakers
And So It Will Bd
PRAY (Part 1)
Someone tried to break into my bedroom
Dark Web
A door frame in our new house has a number on it
The Subject
My biotechnology startup creates genetically improved species for a multinational food company. This time we went too far.
Murder, Betrayal, and Missing Posters (Part 1) **TRIGGER WARINING**
A horrified drug trip
The Art of The Wendigo
My cousin haunted my sis
Dear Katrina
Cotton Candy Skies
I died in my nightmare
Every year on June 5th in Orville, Alabama, three people go missing
The Stray Cat
It's not as it seems
Hello! Im looking for real scary stories to be featured in my youtube channel. :) how or where I can find ??
Socks
50 years ago, I had descended into the Gates of Hell after listening to all the urban myths about them. Now, I’m pleading for my sanity.
I found a journal near an old western ghost town, it's dated 1867, I think the author saw Her
The nights are 23 hours long now, and something stalks me in the darkness
The man who smiles
Greece is burning alive
My wife's secret.
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it. (Part One)
ECO Experiment; Underneath the Ocean
My girlfriend is suicidal
Pokémon blood of marowak
The Hidenseek Incident
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death - Part 1 - 2
My Kitten Mittens
I investigate the link between monsters and missing people. Sirens don’t take kindly to visitors.
Smile for me
Best "friends
Sheila! I can explain!
KAREN (PART 2)
No Matter What They Tell You, Chernobyl Still Isn’t Safe, Pictures Included
Amber Waves
I am a whistleblower from the CIA
Half There
I fell in a wormhole and time traveled to the future, this is what happened. (PT 1)I woke up...
Can Someone Tell Me How to Kill This Thing?
I can't tell her
An Icy Reminder
Identity
i thought it was a normal day at my job i was wrong
I Watched A Secret Television Broadcast
A Warning, Just For You
The dead of the family seem to have the ability to contact us
Don't Go In The Cellar
It was supposed to be easy...
The creatures in the woods are deadly, and I've made it my life's work to find out why they exist. Reclusive; Part 1
A Skinwalker is Killing Our Cattle
Tales of a Ranger (part 17)
something terrible happened during my Zoom meeting, and I don't know what to do
The Lover Who Committed A Crime
Vinia’s Lair
My ex and I finally got back together, and I still love him as much as I always have - even though he's changed a little.
peanut butter on discord
You May Want to Worship Virtually for the Time Being, Vacated Churches are No Place to be Alone
I'm a Contestant on a Survival Game Show, and The Host is Trying to Kill Us
Never answer a call from your own number
Turbidity
This is a Warning! I learned the Truth about the Coronavirus
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 16)
I traded my sight for this shitty vision. (Part 4)
Firm believer. Have a few good stories if anyone is keen on hearing. I'll start with an older one
The cabin in the Woods
Dont look up The noise Short film
I don’t dream, I swear it wasn’t a dream
Children Of The Raven (1)
A stranger at the door
The animals are acting strange...
The beginning of the end - an introduction
PSA: Carve Jack O’ Lanterns for your protection this Halloween
Strange creature watching Mr. C sleep.
The Humanity Project
How has no one been reporting this?
The autopsy of my daughter’s killer part 2
I tried to develop an Artificial Intelligence, but I think it’s become sentient…
My Paranormal Experiences (REAL I SWEAR)
What happened last night
A mysterious guest showed up for dinner last night. My life has never been the same since.
Has anyone else heard of the Pope Lick Monster?
I’ve been in a loop for 23 hours circling the same neighborhood
My Friend Didn't Follow the Rules, Now He's "Missing" (3)
There's Another Moon in the Sky
My substitute online chemistry teacher, has 5 rules. if we don't follow, we end up on his attendance list.
Bird Hive
The Man Upstairs.
I found a secret room in my house. Holy shit, the rabbit hole goes deep.
I found a place where pain does not exist
A woman sings outside my window every night. But last night she said something that will haunt me forever.
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig
Staying awake for 24 hours :-)
Lool
My sister Hana PART W
There are rules in my Neighbourhood, Never let the kid in yellow In.
the elevator game (Is not true)
Years ago, my father stole something from Santa Klaus. Now our family is yearly hunted down by his evil brother, Santa Kurt
My street disappeared
Charley Horse
My last case as a police detective left me scarred.
Our new house is great, our new neighbor is not (Part 3)
Weird message while playing infamous on my ps3
The Weather Down South Is Changing...
The Ojiisan of Ryujin Village
Memories of a House
As a bored hacker, I stumbled upon some kind of hidden network of a college to find this.
My friend was kilied recently, I've been seeing him recently
We Found Something off the Coast of Scotland
The Devil on Red River
Local 5hifty st8
My Attic
The Thing That Came A'Knocking
Am I Alive Or Dead?
Alone at the subway.
I never should have painted on top of that hill... (Part 2)
Regret losing my virginity to a prostitute.
My Lucy - Part 1 (Re-write)
Cap on a grass field
I found a letter on my way to work that I probably should not have read
Sleep Anxiety
The Blind Live Long
I Live At The North Pole(Part 2)I Think I Fixed My Anxiety Issues
The All Consuming One
I decided to uncover my sister's secret . I wish I hadn't... (PART 5)
Tender Cuts
What Happened at the Neighbour House Wasn't My Fault!
My Best Friend is a Cannibal
It still watches me
I don't know what to do
Can yousee this? If so. Run.
A mentally ill man is about to do something horrible to my date, I can just sense it.
Chester in the corner
my dead mother
The Curse of Buddy Holly
08/01/2008
What Really Lurks in the Shadows?
The Missing Five part 2 of 4: White, Bloated Grief
I found something distubring in my basement
My God parents.
The Butcher's Cult
Sockets
The Day that Ruined My Life
My Girlfriend isn’t who she says she is. She’s a Fallen Angel and Hitwman for the Underworld. She Drinks Demon’s Blood to Survive (PART TWO)
SUNDO
My story
I Thought Escaping With The Peace Corps Would Ease The HeadachesNo one in my family has lived past the age 29...and now I know why. (Part One)
Men in black suits took my cat
I'm being hunted by the creature in the woods SLIGHTLY GRAPHIC
I found out something I shouldnt have
Was i really being r*aped?
I've always wondered why there was a lock on the basement door.
Why my cousin won't leave the shower curtains closed anymore
Deafening Color
The Yellowstone Transcript
DO NOT GO TO LAKESVIEW!
Wish
i found out how canned laughter is made.
Standing at the edge
THIS IS A TEST
I'm a Private Investigator and this is my last case
The coronavirus is worse than you think
I work as a Fire watchman and I’ve seen some crazy stuff
I Probably Won't Quit
My boyfriends best friend of 20 + years killed himself.
Our Strange Neighbor
Allison if you're reading this i'm coming to save you.
Something Horrible Happened My Sophomore Year Part 2
Room 7
I’ve been playing a strange online game, and now they’re saying it’s up to you to decide who lives, and who dies. The Nosleep Experiment has concluded. Your feedback is appreciated. (PART 3)
Need advice on this argument with my wife
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Samantha's 'Song of Suffering' is a #1 hit!
Birds
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...I just met the Devil!
Sky Fall
February, 1905
A Place Called Apple
Modern Miasmics Pharmaceuticals ADMINISTRATOR RECOVERY ATTEMPT 003
The Endless And The New
I'm a Police Officer, I'm looking into cannibals. This house is closing in on me
Apricot
Revenge on Fuckbois
It was late and very dark
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank...now I'm going back
I revisted an old hangout, only to be scared shitless
The Game of Escalations
Don’t Talk to FearGood inc.
Does anyone remember the Wishing Well in the Tavistock Galleria?
This Happens Every Night
Wrote this a while ago
My "Nosy" Neighbour
Vewy scawy stowy
A Red Rose, Or A White?
AirBnB: when it seems too good to be true, it is.
True Story: I saw a robot pretending to be a human
not given up
Abandoned in the Operating Room
Forty-two years ago I trapped a spider and it was the worst thing I’ve ever done
Clarity, and Other Things Beyond Peter's Reach (1/3)
Xnergy's captain out with injury (Dexter)
Something terribly wrong happens in the Louvre Museum on Mondays
Our Little Trek (part 1)
Has anyone else ever had stuck vision?
Number 12, Part 16
The train I'm on just arrived in Hell.
Just Another Door
Welcome Home! Please Read This First!
I crash landed in the jungle but i dont think it is the jungle
I Couldn't Hurt Her Feelings.
Don't Cheat the Game
Sometimes They're Hallucinations, Sometimes They're Not
Do not go to a gas station at night.
a glitch in the matrix
My dog is immortal and that almost got me killed
There are no voices inside my head.
We summond a demon ( this is a warning )
The Ringtone
The power went out in my city
The Big Tome of Spells for a Happy Home
You thought you got away!
Song
Fourth of July Face Peel
Blackwoods Bend Part Six - The Mystery of the Black Woods
The “Do You Love Me?” Game
Spiritualist: Exploration notes of the past (P2)
I can see dead Irish people. My calling in life has become a curse.
New Valley Mental Asylum Awareness Project: Shadow of Doubt
Don't You (Forget About Me)
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Ryan and the Dream Weaver
Stonebed
There’s Something in Pine Cove
I'm a walking dead woman.
My birthday landed on Friday the 13th this year
Pretty sure my neighbor's teenage son is a vampire.
Something is happening to me in my sleep
My Son Has Been Wearing a Superhero Mask For Four Days and I Made The Mistake Of Taking It Off.
The inexplicable vanishing of Alex
A man pays me 300 dollars a day to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job (Part 2)
TESTIMONY OF A WAKING NIGHTMARE
House in the woods....
There are Monsters in the dark
Based of a true story (not really) it just makes it scarier
Honestly, I’m starting to believe that some nefarious cabal has me wrapped around their fist so tight that if I take one step in the wrong direction, they’ll snap their fingers and—poof—I’ll vanish.
So the story goes...
If you see a fruit fly in your house, run. It's already too late.
When Psychics And Writers Collide
I’m Michael Jackson, and I’ve been roaming the Earth as a ghost for over 10 years. (PART 1)
Help, please! I need...
Students at my School Went Missing. I Found Out Why.
Make Me Meat
Alone in a dark room with seven mirrors and seven candles. (Part 2)
Need help finding a story from about two years ago
TIFU by playing with a ouija board Part I
The Case of the Missing MedField Patient (PART 2)
I created a town called "Maritha"
Lor
tales from an unmarked town
I’m the caretaker for an old cinema. It’s haunted, and I’m leaving this guide for the next caretaker.
In the town where I grew up, we were told that if we heard a dog bark at night, it meant that someone was about to die. (Part 3)
Did I do something wrong? I knocked over my girlfriends candles and now she's being passive aggressive and won't talk to me.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Midress Fashion Women Summer Round Toe Pumps Single Shoes Casual Flat Work Shoes Closed Pointed Toe Ballet Flats Shoes
How to Survive Camping: Rule #6 - the hammock monster
The Numbers Case
Mythinagerie
In the coming days, you will wake up and find that a perfect set of teeth has spontaneously grown into the palm of your left hand. If you want to survive, pay attention. Part 2
I thought he was “the one”
It lives in the water.
The Child-Eater
The Burgundy Lincoln
My roommate is a demon
Liminal Spaces
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted (Part 2)
I didn't do it.
To my baby girl
My Talk With A 'Man'
Scopaesthesia: Part 1The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Five)
I hope she never visits again
I moved into a new house, I wish i hadn't ...
Sand's Guide to Suburban Haunts #1: The Mona Mimic
I Like Taking Long Walks Down My Neighborhood Street...
What's Found in the Woods (Part 1) - The Itsy-Bitsy Spider
I live and laugh and love for God but the world can't tell. The rejection of what they might face if there's a God, is worth rejecting Him as well. So I'll laugh smile and say all is well. Blessed is He who hasn't seen. As they smile and wave marching ubiquitously into hell.
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, wanted me to share another one of his cases to celebrate Halloween
The logs of &amp;@$;)/4
Without the Shedding of Blood
come on down to Jager's meat shop
Mom is crying
I had the worst nightmare I’ve ever had, except I couldn’t remember it specifically, only the horrible feeling dread in the pit of my stomach and a hint of deja vu.
The Nowhere Company
In the Thick
Every Time I'm At My Computer, I Think Someone Is Upstairs And I Finally Just Got The Energy To Tell Someone.
we are all aware of it now..
The Kid That Live Across the Street
Subnormal Research
Behind you
Today's forecast calls for blue skies!
My parrot wont stop screaming.
I found a call box in the middle of the forest.
I'm an urban legend in my city.
The Radiation Underground
I Don't Believe in Ghosts... At least not during daylight...
There are Demons Hauting Me, and Everyone Thinks I'm Crazy
So we need to talk.
The Lady Underneath the Lake
i need ideas
Let childhood memories remain just childhood memories?
Those who the gods wish to punish first turn mad
Times up
The Spirit Merchant
Creepy Snapchat Video
I'm really sorry.
This is a dream I had and I don’t know what it means
"The Death of Nicholas Westbrook"
There Are Sick Fucks At The Forest At Night. (My True Horrifying Hunting Experience)
Please don't go off the trail... you'll find something that will ruin you.
My Neighbor's Mischievous Beard Brought Us Together
Diary of a Blood Baron
The Woman Who Is Allergic To The Moon
Dick worm
THE NICKELODEON CLOSET CREATURES, I SHOULD HAVE NOT STAY UP TO WATCH NICK@NITE
My Dad Wasn’t the Best Person
I'm A Security Guard At A Haunted House Part 4
The Smugglers
I was brainwashed my whole life. I’m finally free
I bought a weird board game
A Creepy Highschool Stalker
The thing in the morgue.
My metro story
My Sister's Suicide and Unwanted Rebirth
The cold winds of Despair :Bizarre things from55 Gypsy Ln Pt 2
I applied to a company that does business with agents of evil.
The Murder Man Ritual
What's your coming back from the dead story or experience?
My parents never told me why we moved, I now see why.
My Ex Had Some Demons, Now the Demons Have Her
chatroom of user ColdOne13
I found a weird set of rules at my new truck driving job
They will find my body soon.. but it isn't mine. (PART ONE) TW: Violence/Murder
I Just Wanted to Win
A Canvas on My Back
My friend turned into something
My Unborn Sibling spoke to Me
My recurring dream won't go away, but it's probably nothing to worry about. Right?
Don’t go in the double doors
A wheelchair-bound woman shouldn’t be able to hunt demons.
Ugly, Ugly Wind
The house in Grenloch Terrace
I'm not mad at you
My dog sits and waits for someone on our walks, but there’s never anybody there.
tell me about your most creepy story
"Skin" Part 2
I started a new job as a hotel receptionist, now I'm stuck on an endless loop
The power went out in my city day 2
Below The Ice By Ptoughneigh623
I woke up this morning, and now I'm alone.
5 January 2020: New Zealand
9 Doors
Scary Quarantine Horror Story | Martial Law Takes Over
Can’t sleep but so tired
I took part in an online scavenger hunt. I wish I hadn't...
The Taker
My wife and I used a sperm donor. I think there might be something wrong with the baby.
Im a fallen angel and I just broke a potted plant and the universe. &lt;Part 1&gt;
I'm a Small Town Sheriff, and I'm Pretty Sure a Cult Just Moved into My Jurisdiction. part 1
I’m stationed on the Falkland Islands with the British Army. There’s a reason these islands are so important.
Just a dream
I have never left my room
I've been a pilot for 20 years these rules changed me
Out of the Pines
Rent was due, and I didn't have enough to cover it. My post read..."Room for rent. Great location. Cheap rent. DM if interested." I found a roommate, and now I will never, under any circumstances, live with a roommate again. (part 1 of 2)
No matter who it is, NEVER answer a call at midnight! Part 2
Something strange happened while i slept
I Think I May Have Found The Deepest Hole In The World. I Watched Something Terrifying Come Out Of It.
Dr. Marilyn Monroe - RELAX - 25.5.19
My mom sent me to live with my uncle... But something followed me
I feel like I was in asleep but it felt so real?
I Brought My Wife Back From The Dead And Now I'm Falling Apart.
A Very Exclusive Party
She Was Stolen by the Wind
Codeine &amp; Guiness
Every time the ball drops, 2021 starts over again. And I’m the only one who remembers.
The Bathroom Man
We found a Witch with a Pink Crystal Ball. She could give us Anything.
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 1)
Camping Nightmares
Top 10 Dark web warning signs of data breach - dark web monitoring: preventing a data breach
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Sometimes, you must look Fear directly in it’s eyes.
My Roommate is A Haunted Doll (Part 3)
I was committed to an asylum for seven years. This was my first Day.
I’m glad I didn’t walk
Ghost in my kitchen full manifestation?
I accidentally stopped time
I think my dead mother wants me dead
Help me find horror video!
Dont trust vizivtechnologies
The Ghosts of Southeast Asia - Bouncing Betty
Entered another timeline through a phone call
My Father Was A Murderer
They looked like my daughters, but they were not my daughters. Part two
Toys in the display case
Why i'll never accept a job from new orleans again
The 911 Call That Haunts Me
Creature in sherwood Forrest, and it’s not nearly as friendly as a Robin Hood tale.
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 5)
Welp, i don't remember much because it was a very long time ago but im gonna try to retell the story of how a Djinn ruined a night for me when i was 13 years old, this is not fake.
There's a girl in my backup camera
Im the monster who lives in your closet. And I think I’m getting closer and closer to solving this mystery. (Part 3)
Yesterday I went out for a run and I still haven't come back.
There's a A Mad Woman Out To Get Me, I Don't Know What To Do.
First Short Story - Hill Rock Watcher
Julia
South Pole Santa:A Christmas horror story
Classic No Sleep
Ḱ̷͖̻̰͙͎́͆̋̓̂̔͊͘e̴͚̩̱̣͗͐̈́́̔̏͌̓̽̎̒͠͝ĕ̸̜̐̀̑́̂̂͛̈͑͌̎̚͝͝p̵̡̡̩͚̥̭̩͉̝̳̃̽̄̇̓̓̂ ̵̛̺̪͓͓́̿̾̒̓̊̆̒̌͘ͅI̸̖͇̝̦̦̳͇̘̒̈̂͗̈́̓̓̋̊͑̀̽̂́t̵̡̨̝̱̞̬̠̦̭̜͐̀͊͝ ̸̦̞͎̫̝͓̩̥̮̤̖̼̚͜ͅÒ̸̢̗͎̖̬̾͑̑̓̋̌̿̂͝ǔ̸̳͙̱͍͕̪̼̞̙̃̽̿̎̚t̸̺̹̜̙̗̘̼͖̬̻̓͐̚̚
The White Raven's Call
People Are Disappearing
Looking for information
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 3)
I woke up in a different country (Australia) and we need to follow these directions to survive...
The Historian
I checked into Hotel Zenith to win one million dollars and I heard what nightmares sound like
I Was Contacted By a Green Face with Horns
What I Saw On The Other Side Of Space And Reality
I Am Coming Sweetheart
This town has a secret and it's served with rice.The haunting of the Corner Room.
The Chimera Project
Something strange is happen on all my social media feeds
When Death ComesThe Twisted Woman
I've always heard "Hell is Other People"I've always heard "Hell is Other People" (#s "Child death, graphic violence")
“We are one, we will survive. It will be alright.”
It was my rescue dog that ended up really rescuing me
When He Awoke on the Stairs (Part 0)
I Got An Emergency Alert About An Invasion,Now There Are Beasts Outside
Blackwoods Bend Part Sixteen - Final Part - The Forbidden Tree
Being a hoarder ruined my life, until it saved it.
Enummi
Close all windows!
Someone invited my friend upstairs but it wasn't me.
I am an EMT. Some of my patients are dealing with things other than their diagnosis. I'm the only one who can tell.
I just received a call from my future self.
my dad says seven is to young to post here but i really need your help
The Thing in the Alley
My sister disappeared five months ago. One week ago, she came back.
I was paid to watch people being killed, and I think I managed to get out of this intact.
Insomniacs of reddit, what do you do when you cant sleep?
The Tape (Part Two)
Alone: Why We Won’t Tape a Kids’ Version Ever Again
I got terrorized by a KKK group Part 2
I was paid $100 000 to stay in a room full of mirrors
My wife keeps waking me up from sleepwalking, it's starting to creep me out
The Things that go Bump in the night
Hell Hath No Fury
My roommate´s relationship with her cat was starting to get a little odd…
A Birthday Party
Story
I am just like you
Sisters ~ A Sugar Bowl Legend
I'm a Park Ranger and my job is to sedate a werewolf every night.
I Think Somethings Wrong With My Brother...
The ac was running
I saw a faceless man gliding down the street.
I used to think I lived in a utopia-now I’m not so sure
If you’re in the path of severe weather today I think you should hear what happened last night (video included)
I crashed in the Ozarks, I wasn't alone in that forest pt.2
Chirping - December Fourth
Everlasting Hue
Why I'll Never Go Diving Again
The untinkable
People are going missing and then getting replaced and I think I'm the only one that knows. Help.
Loser
A man is keeping me as his pet and I don't know how to escape
How my dad is gonna kill me
The day I saw a demon
And I will always love you
Made Contact With an Alien named ZibZab IV
I just turned 18, now I understand my mom.
I was tending bar one night...
My Daughter's Keeper
A neurochemical minefield
My childhood traumatic experience
My phone takes pictures of the afterlife. They want to tell me something. (Part 2)
I'm Done. Final Entry by Quinn
Nicki Minaj Called Me (Part 2)
There is a haunted hotel in my town, in which over 100 people died. I still have nightmares of it.
Am I right in wanting to put my son up for adoption?
I think I died..?
My grandfather has an underground farm
Hallowed Ground ~ Part III
Eleven People were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't read about it on the news. I tried to get out but He wouldn't let me.
My Mother’s House
I work under the Pentagon and some strange shit is happening (Part 1)
Creepy Encounter in Sozopol, Bulgaria
My Roommate Is Driving Me Crazy
BETH
I heard whispering all throughout the house
Dreams.
Any tips on dealing with malicious ghost roommate? Also can I get it to pay rent?
Dont look for me.
Philosophical nightmare of an AI?
The Mandela Effect
Conversion. Chapter 1: Indifference
I think there's a ghost in your room.
We are snowed in at a cabin in the North Maine Woods. Something is outside in the snow.
Blood Magic
Two sentence horror story
One Night I Was Alone In The House Then I Saw Something Evil Outside
who?
My boyfriend told me he's a serial killer, and i believed him.
Genetically Modified (part 1)
No one's home, or alive, except me. Trailer+Sneak peek.
I think i found out what north North Korea's christmas "presents"to the U.S
The Tortured Crystal
I went to an abandoned hourse with my brother and his girlfriend, and I can't explain what we saw.
I used to talk to my reflection, until one day it started talking back.
The first time I fired a gun.
It wasn't a gray hair...
I review nosleep stories. I shouldn’t have read this one.
I’ve Never Lost Anything in my Life...
Someone else... Is he?
Tears of the Dead
Haunted after Urban Exploration - 1/10
The Summertime Visitor Part 1
Tired
Good Boys
I think I killed my best friend.
The Nō no seki disease
January 2020 contest nominations
Teen Server Of The Creative Arts
A Mouse in the House
My Roommate’s Skin Collection
There are lights in the sky watching my family
Frostbite of the Badlands
Help there are creatures outside the store
I was invited to partake in a treasure hunt with some of my lifelong friends. You will never believe what we uncovered.
The Burial of my Great Great Grandfather
Australian government torture
I got in a fight with a degenerate at the bank today.
I ruin people's lives for a living.
I found a redroom/live torture website ( http://killwitheva dot tk ). They don't kill humans, but cats mainly. Operated by a lady named Eva. Recent video features a cat getting its head crushed by Eva. Please report it to the https://report.cybertip dot org/ and share this message.
Hindi Horror Podcast
First Night on the job
Call of the Sirens  - The Curse of the Sea Witch
Strange People Have Moved Into My Quiet Town...
We've Reached the End
Stop posting on nosleep. Get off this subreddit. You're in danger.
But they're, not real right
Guest House (Part 1/4)
The Fountain
Turbulence
Troubled, an Autobiography - PART 1: THE FIRST STEP TO INSANITY
My pregnancy story
Not A Story, I'm Sorry, But Please Read!
Can't find this creepypasta.
What Was Left of Tim
Merry Christmas Mr. Krumpus.
Corrupted Reality: You're never alone outside of your comfort zone.
My Husbands Eyes are Missing
Division 6, 2045
I Work at an Underground Government Disease Research Facility, We let Out Something Horrible
There's an old well in our woods
It Visits me at Night
The Ghost in the Table
I'm a SWAT Officer who was sent to investigate an 'incident' at a middle school. (Part 5)
We found something terrifying in a mine.
I Sent Them There to Die, and They Brought Me Along
Don't think about the pale man before bed time
The Tsunami with no water
Those close to me visit me in my dreams after they die. My most recent dream was… less than pleasant.
One of the most cringe moments of my life
Tales from a Town in the Middle of a Forest (PART 2)
Uninvited house guest
I used to work for a circus and it was good while it lasted
At 14 I Witnessed an Unearthly Carnival
10 Feet Above Ground
Remember
Haunted Ruby Narration
My camping story
I’m having an online seance with my friends later, have you ever heard of a Tulpa?
The Restaurant of metal and blood
Boston, the dog I adopted. The Revealation, part 2
ten years ago
The body in my sisters closet
The Shadow Man That Taunts Me
The town with no-name
Prank or Real?
1. The 7th Floor
P.A.N.E.  I’m Being Stalked by Men With Masks Fused To Their Skull
Patience
The thing that gives me life
Don’t fear strange sounds at night. Fear the silence. Fear Hush.
The Sirens
I moved into a new house and it's definitely, 100% haunted. (part 1)
People Are Following Me (part 2.2)
Echoing Reflections
Awesiaki: Chapter seven: Chase's Gospel - 1632
We never should have tried to break into Mrs. Hudson's garage.
How To Get Rid Of A Visitor/The Staircase Ritual (2)
My Number Neighbor is Interesting
hey people im a killer hahaha
Sometimes they perk up before the smell comesI am a 12 year old boy,and ever since I have been smoking something has been trying to contact me in real life and in my dreams from somewhere out of this world.
Why can't I sleep help
I work as a janitor at a fairly popular hotel. Last night I was on my way to clean the basement and got stuck in the elevator. It said I’d reached basement level, then went down a floor...
I wake up every night at 3am for no reason
Is this going to continue?
The earthquake in Croatia woke something up
I'm sick of this world (part 1)
All Penguins Have Criminal Tendencies
My Creepy encounter with a stalker
My name is Mr. Death.
Silly out now
I made the mistake of knocking three times on my floor.
The end of the world. Vines?
The ice-cream man
How many of these are just fake storys
She always came at 2:37 AM
I’m a veterinarian for cryptids and sometimes we get extreme cases
Where can I read "The Spire in the Woods" by Tony Lunedi?
I think I went on a date with a demon
I received a noise complaint over someone's dog barking too late at night. It wasn't a dog.
My friend went missing
Something Squirming, Deep Inside.
user 16
I met the monster in the woods, and there are things out here worse than him (part 1)
I investigate the paranormal aspects of cheating. My research tells me actions have consequences.
Table 16 (first horror story attempt! Constructive criticism is appreciated.)
Evidence: Exhibit A
Insomnia saved my life only to try and kill me later
DON’T FEED THE FISH
Good Morning
Something Strange is Happening in my House
What is that sound?
Murder at a kids park?
Proxy 11 (Entry 3)
High Beams...?
Another message from mom
I Saw Things That Were More Than Real (part 1)
When I was a kid, I was reminded that life was but a dream, I now know why
I got a copy of a game I love from a friend. But the button layout seems...odd
PLEASE LOOK AT IT
The Perfect Cocktail
A Matter of Magic
I can’t stop wearing his hoodie.
My Guardian Angel is Far From Heavenly (Pt 3)
Every times I punish my son for watching TV or using smartphone too much, a creature appears (Part 1)
Midwales
Relaxing music
I brought my wife back from the dead, but now I want a divorce.
The Sailor’s Talisman - Strange Findings from The Archives
Unfounded Part 2
There's A New Drug In Town Part 3
I'm a nosleep proxy and I was arrested for talking to someone at a gas station
I work for THEM or THEY
I went to a catholic boarding school. The rotten apple doesn’t fall far from the rotten tree
Someone is leaving dead cats on my Tía’s property.
Blue is for Boys
I Spent A Year At A Community College, I Regret It
There's Something Weird Going On In The Waters Off Of Maui
I'm a correctional officer at an underground prison. I think the warden is up to something. (Part Two)
I am staying with an exchange family in Japan. Something very wrong is happening here – Part 3
I just wanna go home (part 1)
I know why we fear the unknown
It Froze Over
We told scary stories around a bonfire. Then awful things started happening.
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That are Going to Get Us Killed. (Finale)
I'm Not Insane, I'm Billy!
Fate seems to have taken a turn, but who can say which way?
When did I wake up? (Pt 2)
Someone cuddling you in an empty house (I live alone) isn't as warm as one'd imagine
I thought I heard something. My daughter saw it.
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 13
I Woke Up On a Strange Island.. Where Am I?
I had horrible sleep paralysis as a child
My dad left me a burden as inheritance and I don't now how to deal with it
Don't Trust the Man with the Ladder out Looking for his Dog...
I found two cameras in Yosemite: Pt 4
bubblegum.
I spent the night in an orphanage owned by a cult, I’ve been on the run ever since.
Is it a ghost or the devil himself?
Never leave anything unlocked
QD: Employee of the Month - I have found danger down the rabbit hole
The Ashwater Tapes Tell the Truth About Four Missing Teens (Ashwater Tapes part 1)I’m part of an online forum where we collect serial killer memorabilia. Our members have started disappearing, and I’m the only one who remembers them.
I miss Kayla
Scenes from the Worst Family Reunion Ever, part 3
Mr. Lore: Final Adventure
tHiS sToRy iSnT wHaT iT sEeMs
It didn't seem that strange back then, but in hindsight...
I've definitely been here before, and here's what I know.
I Think I’m Stuck in Another Version of my World
7 Signs of a Psychopath (2)
I Study Mythological Creatures, They're not like in fairytales. (part 9)
Help figuring out what happened
Queens hospital quarantine part 3
I Used to Feel Pain in My Dreams
Hi, I'm Francine and I can't explain this
Random
My Sisters Boyfriend
Split personalities
Lonely Hide and Seek
LOG TRANSMISSION - COLDWELL BUNKER
I was being bullied. I took matters into my own hands by taking advantage of alien technology.
Please. Read this before it comes. Please. Save yourself or become ashe.
I'm Dead
I downloaded an app called 'How Will You Die?’
Apollo 17
He Made Me Pick Who Dies
I revisited my childhood home and it's changed (part 1)
I animated a horror story from Reddit!!
Facelessness
We Shouldn't Have Stopped
My 'Cougar' Story
Point me to your local midwife
This Legit happened at Gettysburg
I should’ve asked questions when I took “him” in... communication barriers are a bitch.
Pacify
A new Instagram influencer is obsessed with me - Part II of II
Case File #37 Husky Pete's Storage Plaza
I tried Blue Whale Challenge
I'm a nosleep proxy and I angered the woman in the woods
I'm an Archaeologist, and My Team Found Something Impossible in Siberia
Who Was John Rigby? (Pound of Flesh, Part II)
Crying for the little ones
A Letter to Doctor Brown
The Girl Of My Dreams Started Living With Me And Now I Don't Know What To Do
There is no bay 150.
How Do I Forget - Ash W.
Good horror podcasts?
"Near the well"
The attic
A dead man tells his tale.
I used to love cartoons but now I'm scared
Footsteps in the attic
I'm Finally out, and I'm coming back
Which medical journals (among Pubmed) offer free article submission?
My Beautiful Girlfriend
A curiosity for the morbid
Hair on the Back of Your Head
The summer night sleepover that still haunts my dreams.
"Sweetie"
I saw something scarier than a grizzly bear in the heart of the biggest city in Alaska.
A Skinwalker is Killing our Cattle
Haunted Childhood Home
poop stink
The Long and Dangerous way Home (part 1)
Rease is my name.
Daughter of Lycan Clan
I'm going back...
The Thing in the Moonlight By H.P. Lovecraft’s
Inside of the picture on the wall
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. The quarterfinals ended with more questions than answers.
The cultists of the campus
My Friends and I Explored the Now Abandoned Community We Used to Live At, the Creatures There Do Terrifying Things.
I performed an autopsy on my girlfriend.
I tried free online therapy. My therapist is disturbing.
Why won't it die? (Part 1)
Spinning girl deep web video???
My Shadow is Alive
A monster is stalking me
Drunk Hauntings (Part 2)
I’m from the Future, the Coronavirus will be more than a pandemic.
The Last Supper
Handy
I was the Wrong Michael
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Women's Flat Sandals, Women Ladies Slip On Flat Shoes Sandals Casual Colorful Shoes Size by Limsea
Have you seen my girl? Part 3
My friend is... Not what hes supposed to be
'Unknown Compelling Force'
If You Wake Up On November 1st At 4AM, Don't Look Outside Until Dawn
The Creature in the Baltic
No Candles, No Exceptions
I need to know if I am the only one who's seem them. Besides my mother of course
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Sent a Hitman to Kill Me.
The stickman “urban legends” are real
The Creature of Lavoon Lake
My pregnant wife has a disturbing craving
Hellhound (Part One)
descriptions?
My Cupid, the Soul-Stealing Monster (Part 2)
Sirens Warning
GPS glitched and took us to a ghost town that we never found again
I don't know why it's on me, do I need help?
My sister in law keeps posting pictures of her baby on the internet and it's freaking me out (Part 3)
I received a transmission from the expedition team sent to explore the “Mountain of Black Silk” and I am terrified.
Please don't look for The Witches Burden
Bamboo
I encountered HachiShakusama in my japan school trip a couple of days ago.
Creepy Louisiana
Have you heard of Somniloquill?
I miscarried a stranger's baby. He keeps coming back for mePack of rats
I Accidentally Adopted a Nekomata.
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, and now the message is finally readable
Jx
Don’t go hunting alone, please I beg you. ((Part 1))
In case I don't come back (update 10)does he look very abnormal?
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason. Part 3
Don't ask Jack: Drama
The God Chapters - Experiments of a deity - I
Tapping on my Roof
Amy
I don't think it's was just my mother putting a prank on me...
Trespasser that disappeared
I got an email from my dead batchmate.
Im starting to remember what happened.
Bloody Marry Bloody Marry Bloody Marry
Desert Lights (Part 1)
Which room do you want?
The time I was injured by a dream
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but the news won’t cover it. Two are not always better than one.
I just inherited a haunted house. I think it’s time to lay down my own rules.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
My final memory.
Why I Don't Take Treats From Ice Cream Trucks
We All Hide When The Sirens Ring
I saw a UFO last night and I need help ignoring it and moving on.
I killed a man. I am on the run. I need someone's help.
The Number 4000
Trip of a Lifetime (Part 1)
While out hunting in the mountains, I was attacked by a deranged man.
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART TEN
The Laughing Flower Field
They were always there
I gave birth to a spoiled little brat
I MIGHT HAVE JUST RECEIVED PROOF THAT WORMHOLES EXIST
4ring
The noises outside
Area 51 Raid A WarningSpoiled — a true body horror
Something Is Happening in Tevam Sound (Finale)
I Exorcise Demons For a Living. My Family Have No Idea.
There is a Police Officer tied up in my downstairs living room.
Man in the middle of the road.
The Vacation
I Need to Avoid Pretty Women When Summoning Demons
I got called to landscape a garden... in the middle of December
I Watch Crows Skip
My house is trying to kill me. And now I'm trapped in here with a bunch of assassins.
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room..its offered me a job with a concerning list of rules..I dont think it's a shadow..
The night I lost my leg
The Missing Episode
My patient think's he's being watched.
I found a strange book in my new apartment, I wish I never read it
It prays on the weak
My name is Christine and I can borrow other people's faces.
My Best Friend Led Me Through Seven Layer of Hell Part 1
I kept a diary while I was in love (Part 1)
The void is a place we all fear, going there is traumatizing...
Untold Stories of the World, issue 2 - Raised by Aliens
Tales from the bayou
Do Not Sit on the Chair That's in Front of the Fireplace
He told me to never let the strings break, or they would come crawling. I should have listened.
Stood
The Advent of Erebus
I had to take a new road home, and I regret my choice (part 1)
Affect vs. Effect: Easily Choose the Correct Word
I'm an Uber driver, I retire tomorrow, and I've seen some interesting things driving back from Finnegan's cemetery.
I left my parent's house at 15 and I never felt better.
Taxidermists Always Get a Bad Rep
You know nothing at all (Part 2)
I feel like I'm dreaming. I'm terrified.
OSC-127
A homeless man offered me a chance at immortality. I wish I hadn't taken it.
How this years pumpkin carving went horribly wrong.
R.I.P...and?
A role play
Email ꜸꜩⱮⴔשׂʤ. He will help you I promise.
The Legend Of The Witch's Grave
The Two-Eyed Ghost
What would You do, if the Sword hung over You?
CoronaRagnaroK
Bulimia
Hey Mods,
I saw a man without a face when I was a kid - a decade later, he came back
The Picture
Beware of the Reddit Secret Santa!!!
Bark
I think my daughter is trapped inside her own head.
The Ogopogo exists, but not in the way I thought
My husband Jake passed away recently.
Journal from the void
I'm a Freelance Investigative Journalist and I've got stories to tell. (Part 1) Maybe more parts.
I don’t have the best job, but today I finally decided to do some good.
I awoke in a lavish room, with no memory of how I got there
I have been investigating the murder of 4 people. I think I found something more scarier.
The Ice Cream Man
FARM.AVI
LIKE RABBITS.
The Devil in the Badlands.
WHO WAS THAT?
2023
Found Film.
I've been selling my things online for a few months, and occasionally I get a really creepy customer.
A weird creature showed up in my backyard. Now people in my town are dying. (Part 2)
The Yellow Eyed Creature In My Closet (short read)
corruption of civilisation
Someone was outside my bedroom door last night
The shushing man
I Found a Game on The Dark Web
Mister Leech, Part One
We’ve been held captive by our smart home for 72 hrs. This bitch has gone too far!
My college sorority is different. – The Elder Sister
the story of a faulty fortune teller
I No Longer Have A Shadow Since Working For the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
Someone is in my house and trying to kill me
I am an ER nurse. I had a patient last night, but nobody believes what actually happened.
I was a private detective in the 70's, this case ruined my life.
Creepy pasta
The tunnels you don't know about under every airport.
To summon a Devil
My Mom Got Into a Car Accident and Things Haven't Been the Same Since.
I fell at the Team Building training for Brighter Futures, but no one was there to catch me
My Diabolical Self | Part 7: Tell Me, What Do You See?
I ran into my ex in the grocery store. He's been dead for seven years (Part 1)
I saw her at the house blessing.
The Hospital Room
The Office Just Got InterestingTime stood still for just a moment, to me it felt like an eternity
I AM A SWEDISH POLICEMAN AND A VAMPIRE SLAYER
I have a toy that was never released
NEED HELP WITH VAMPIRES
Help me...I think I’m falling
Bully
Never ever play a creepy roblox game.
A broken girl
It wasn't just a vaccine.
Just a dream? Or a warning...?
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt.17)
Something is dating my daughter
My House wants Me Dead(part 1)
They say the snuff film industry doesn't exist. It does.
I was a Police Officer Investigating a missing person and it was the worst case of my career
The One Thing You Must Do If You Ever See Black Eyed Children Outside Your Window
This Is My World War 2 Horror Story
Randell Tuckers Deal with the Devil
The Giant-Salamander God - A Meditation In Tangential Possibility &amp; the Unimagined Plane
A Short Journey
I don’t like people, probably a series, I don’t care.
The Church beneath the Roots
ALIEN CAUGHT ON TAPE
(DISTURBING) I'm seeing a resurgence in the dead
Did anyone have this dream as a child?
The Circle: jester
They started selling love in the store upon the shelf
The ghosts in the river
The homeless situation
I'm a detective and the case I'm working on is mysteriously sinister
2 sentence horror.
My little brother keeps sitting on the edge of my bed. The thing is, I’m an only child.
Lake Serene
I am a foster parent and my current foster child seems horrifyingly familiar.
the 1%- Dramatic Reading of Reddit Original Story
Every Family in Town Has a Curse - Part One
whatchadoin
Rat Scab Bastards
STAY OUT OF THE BASEMENT (Final)
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana
Where to begin
Someone Might Be Living In My Attic...
My life is being filmed for "premium content." I found something disturbing in one of the episodes.
The man who carries a grave stone everywhere
Someone hysterically rang my doorbell at 3 Am and there was no one to be seen
Is there any rituals to do at school?
The Sabraton Serpent (I saw the birth of a local legend)
Weird things happen at Opal Lake, and I'm going back there. ( Pt2)
Alaskan Guide, Trapper, and Monster Hunter. Part 2
Don’t dog sit.
I took a job as a Fire lookout in the middle of the woods, I found a strange set of rules to follow - Part 3
I'm A Voyeur. The Other Night I Witnessed Something Terrifying.
Damia, the creature below... (P1)
The Walking Man
Scariest nightmare you've had
Something pretty damn creepy
13 Years Ago, I Didn’t Know What Was Lurking in the Woods (Part 2)
I’m a patient in a psychiatric hospital. Part 1: The white room.
Ever since my husband abandoned us, our son hasn’t spoken a word. Now I know why
I heard scratching in my window...
My Nana used to tell me these amazing stories, little did I know they were all true.
I have been starving for weeks now. Please, someone help me.
Sometimes Even Monsters Are Afraid Of What Goes Bump In The Night.
My wife and I are studying local “myths." We did some hands-on "research"
Project: Ancients Revival
Home alone part 2 the finale
Man from the clouds
"Where do you sleep?" Pic inside.
I was 13 when I learned I had super powers: throwing KILLER snowballs
Why Did I Buy My Daughter This Game?
The Thing in the Elevator Shaft
I See Faces
My work had one rule "Never answer the phone if a dead person calls you".
My Neighbor won’t stop singing Christmas Carols Part 3 (Final)
I can't stop going back to Circle Rock
I work for the CAD, consume as much garlic as you can before they make landfall
I don't know if this is a dream but I want to leave
The Jack-o’-Lantern
We Need To Progress With Caution!
they hired me to come to this place and do some work, it seems more like they wanted to kill me.
There is no electricity in our city and it has been over 24 hours , the sun has not risen and it's almost as if our government is trying to cut our city off from the rest of the world
The Church of Ba-Yarul
Team-building, hotdog eating contest.
Disturbing Discovery in the Canadian Wilderness
The perfect woman
I saw something in the woods
My home
I'm attending a relative's wedding in the fall. Her venue choice seems... a bit odd. Here's the email I got from them.
I keep hearing this sound...
My grandpa sent me his recordings… of his visits to the ‘underworld’. PART FOUR (4)
DO NOT AND I MEAN DO NOT PLAY “ESCAPE THE CHAMBER” HERE’S WHY: LEVEL 1
FOURTEEN
I witnessd something last night that I can't explain
Always around 3am
I found the tape that uncle jack didnt show me.
Sometimes you gotta crawl to stay awake.
I grew up in a remote part of the woods (part 2)
Stay quiet, I said
My local Ronald McDonald is getting too intense for kids' birthday parties.
My Mom Got A Creepy Text Earlier
Never play this game. I did and this is what happened to me.
Did someone undress my baby while I was sleeping?
The Girl with The Thousand Yard Stare
How to get out of a time loop / being serious here
The Losing Bet
R/nosleep
My classmates keep disappearing, and now it's my turn.
The Thanksgiving dinner i will always be thankfull i survived
Opening Night
My grandfather went looking for new species in the Mariana Trench. He came back a different man.
The Outsiders: The Price You Pay. Part One.
The ~~writing on the wall~~
The Records of Tara Hauklin
I'm not allowed to go biking alone at night anymore
I Found a Recording of Pure Evil
The One
I finally came to class early, now the whole town is abandoned.
I lost my phone underneath my bed last night.
I Joined the Photography Club and Killed Four People. This is why.
The Looming Figure
Ominous Surroundings
The Tall Man
Every Dream Tells A Story
The Inescapable Store - Aisle 2
Lift your problems
My name is Maya Ben-Alonth, I am an Israeli Shabak agent. My life has gotten a bit strange… I’m not sure what to do.
I play this game every night with the static in my closet...
Whatever happened wasn’t good (1/10)
I went to a new years eve party and it turned out to be a sex cult
Cordero (part 1)
I used to think my old house was haunted and it turns out I might have been right.
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world.
I used to work as a night clerk at a motel. I had to follow specific guidelines to ensure my safety. These are my stories.
My son died of a neck pain, and I don't know how to cope.
The “school shooter” was actually a monster hungry for humans and no one else is acknowledging it.
i should not have looked at the moon
I work for a organization that takes care of other dimensional beings. -Journal 1
I know who murdered my best friend 3 years ago
Suzy’s missing
There's something controlling my family (Part 2)
Maybe my life isn’t the fairytale I thought it was.
Why I'll never ignore a house alarm ever again
I Picked Up a Hitchhiker Tonight, and I Want To Hurt Him
My best friend is a doll, and he came to life after a mistaken game of one-man hide and seek.
a boy and his serial killer dad (part one)
My family survived an apocalypse... part 2They looked like my daughters, but they were not my daughters
The Bad Good Samaritan
There's nothing there
I saw a black hand
My new dog is scaring me PART II
I worked at what i thought was a kindergarte
Mama Lucy's Pre-Breakfast Rituals
He’s just making a sandwich
I thought my dad was just a pervert. Its much worse.
The Forest Challenge
Camping encounter
The Tooth Fairy came to visit me last night, and she was not what I was expecting
Four Walls without a door
Reminiscings
People have been ODing in my town. The revelation.
My Grandfather's Filth
This house may be the end of me
M E M O R I E S : A SHORT HORROR ADVENTURE BY - Khalid Nas
The boy in the woods
I found this diary in my attic and now I don’t know what to think.
When the lights go out in Witch Elm, the darkness of the past returns with a vengeance...
Selfsame Son
For Vlad please receive this
The time I took vyvance
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 6)
Tap tap tap
Pets
I player ouija with my friends and the demon is still haunting me. Part 1 (TRUE STORY)
My friend can see ghosts!
I went to the dentist today.
Time to say goodbye
I am not the crazy one.
What is tugging me in when my boyfriend isn’t looking?
The Sound From Downstairs
In the midst of the Coronavirus continue to pay for your habitual spends. Save a business.
The Funhouse Experiment: The End
I think my housekeeper is hiding something, so I ran some tests to investigate.
Don’t get stuck in Amboy part 2
Creepers in the wash
“A year ago my sister disappeared, I know why she disappeared”
The Eldritch Horror of Kamchatka
Someone broke into my home and stole a box of home movies. They've been editing them and posting them online.
Are The Owls In Your Town Acting Strange ? Get Out Now.
ZOZO (True Story)
The Captain's Log
nothing is really haunted
My husband went missing three months ago, but something still occupies his side of the bed
12th Floor
I fell in love with one of my co-workers. I had no choice but to follow her home.
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 13)
I live alone with my motherMemory?
The Many Eyes of the Ocean
I just had a nightmare, but I’m awake. Is this a dream?
The government is doing experiments in my neighbourhood and I’m part of it.
I've returned home for the first time in years. I think the island is trying to kill me.
A Customer Sneezed In My Face. Now My Life is Ruined.
I work at a fire lookout tower and I’ve seen some crazy stuff (3)
Driving At Night is One of My Favorite Activities (4)
Candy Cane Lane
Was this just my imagination?
As of writing this, I could die any second
H.A.T.C
Introduction + Lonely Solider
THE BALLOONED MAN🎈
Something Throbbing in My Head
My Mysterious Friend (and the weird background surrounding him)
She was my knight in shining armour
My Experience with the Clown Wave
I survived a plane crash 5 years ago. That was the easy bit (Day 1)
In case I don't come back (update 9)
My Little Piece Of Heaven
I'm starting to think there's no such thing as “Just a road” or “Just a trail” anymore...
If people say it’s haunted, then believe them: Part I
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 4)
i was sitting in my bedroom wich is on the bottom floor and i was woken up in the night. it was tapping from the window, i assumed it was a crackhead from the pub across the street but when i looked out of my window i was horrified because i was not expecting to se me on the other side, smiling.
Door to Nowhere
I used to be a vet for a zoo mostly for the big cats and snakes and i found something... Interesting
Short scary story
Deathstar Diorama
I Solve Why Ghosts Don't Move On. I Have Trouble Leaving The House.
Confessions of a Superhumans' Psychologist
Here's a couple of creepy stories to listen to at midnight... click if you dare.
If you hear the sound of a ringing phone coming from the basement, don't answer it.
Tales of the Okefenokee
Every time I go to sleep... I shid and fard
the Thing in My Closet
The Valley Of The Red River
The Sallow Suicide
My best friend is dead and nobody seems to remember her
Help. I think he overdosed on Gayuma
I have a question.
TEETH
I've seen Siren Head and now I'm in grave danger!?!?
Did anyone see emergency broadcast last night?
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out (Pt. 4)
The "Art Room"
The tape
I have a deathly fear of moths, but it isn't because of why you'd think.
Unknown Alien Porta (File 1)
Abodyemigphobia: an irrational fear of the inside of the human body and how it works
NEW CREEPY HORROR SERIES
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it. (Part Three: Finale)
I am a real Werewolf, Ask Me Anything.
The Trees
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
I traded my sight for this shitty vision.
El Silbador - The Whistler
The Police Are Hiding Something.
I went into the nearby isolated jungle, and now I'm in a cave with one of my friends dead. I think I need some help.como interpretar tus sueños
A Dream Or Reality
hello people of the internet! -part 2
Noelle
Wendigos are real.
The Case of Marshall Jacobs (Part Two)
It Won’t Leave Me Alone And I Don’t Know What To Do
My Drawing Assignment
When he Arrived in the Shop
The 21st Night of September
606th division 'enemy unknown'
The Fragrance of Pothos
I have discovered Soviet northern expedition documents.
A story, 500 words or less. Something you might enjoy
My Neighbor Is "Nonverbal," But Today She Spoke To Me
Beautiful Bride
At the window
Whispering Hills (pt 3)
Devil Music. ( part 1 )
The Figure.
I found a new rest stop when driving
sefzr
something is watching me sleep...
Baby monitor
The shadow
Don't go looking for the door... or you'll find it (Part Four)
The Evil in the Claremont Hotel
The Northern Fortress, Once Thought Impregnable, of the Snow-Cleric Santa Claus
I've been followed by ghosts my whole life, its getting worse
re: stairs in the woods, SAR no-sleep stories
Lovecraft In-Law
A Beacon of Hope - America's #1 Fastest-Growing Underground Reality TV Show!
I Don't Quite Understand What Happened in The Woods?
They Like The Taste Of Us
Alien in the Closet
Montauk
Never go to the Forest During Sundown
I Think Something Tried to Break Into my House
Someone left their cellphone in my store. I shouldn't have unlocked it.
The Aura Room
My Friends Got Me Cursed(Part 2)
I wasn’t upset when grandmother took ill, I was excited
I think my little brother is trying to kill me...
A story from my grandmother that seems to have a deeper meaning now.
I think I'm one of the only people left on earth.
The town I live in follows a strange set of rules... (part 1:
Movie theaters will never die.
Sleep paralysis...
I need to know where my time went
Alexa, stop farting
Some stories from a bunch of stupid ghost hunters
The Midnight Children.
Holocaust Lilith Hell
If you want to catch a predator, you have to behave like prey.
Going back to my hometown.
Come to Daddy
"Pandemic."
This week I begin my new job.
Attack at the Beachside Hotel
Update: My experience using SLASHER, the Social Network for Horror
I´m a photographer, and I didn´t took a picture at the thing that followed me. Part 2
My grandpa warned me they would come
My flat pack shed came with a man inside
The voice in my head, turned out to be something much worse. Part 1 of 3
My Town Forgot How to Dream
There is someone other than me living inside of my head and last night I think they got out (PART 2)
ZOZO
Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline is closed until further notice
Live Testing - Network and Settings
The person
The Telltale Turd
Sewer
All you that seek the true spiritual path and are tired of being deceived LOOK HERE URGENT
Flesh And Steel (Part 1)
Freedom in this country (USA) has been abused for decades, which is why more government oversight is needed. We messed up. Prove me wrong.
Volume I: The Hidden Library
Im sorry
BABYSITTER WANTED
Mother?
The Little Drummer Cult
Can you remember your dreams?
I called 911 so that someone could hear my last words. I am now transporting the future queen of heaven.
Krampus
I cuddled up to my wife as i did every night
My Dad Disappeared
My Brother And I Kidnapped a Woman for Thanksgiving
he visited me just after his death
The next door neighbours
Don’t look at me (Part 1)
I found a way out of the Eden Retreat
Why I'll Never Invite Another Door-to-Door Salesman In
The Tunnels Of Vietnam Are Not Built By Men. (Part 1)
A personal note on a horrific disease: Case #229 (AKA Patient "Brittle") (Pt 1)
My father, the writer
Encountered A Wendigo Whilst Visiting My Grandparents In Northern Minnesota
Her piercing black eyes
"Thank you, Mr.Scooby-Doo Slippers"
Cheers
I came across a pocket of negative energy on my way to a campsite!
Mermaids
It was late at night,I was drunk,why did I do it? Well I'm glad I did.
I’m an archaeologist who located the fountain of youth and drank what was left. Its guardian is now after my life.There is a very strange noise on my terrace
Our town has weird dogs i keep seeing at night
Mr Ershobald Barton wants to kill every single one of you.
He Slept Below Me.
We decode British myths and folktales for a Government agency. The Fae aren't the only ones with secrets.
The countdown letters
i love beans am
I Always Thought the Creature My Grandpa Called the Fire-Shy Was a Myth
Tonight I Was Given The Choice To End Our World
Bloody Face
They Call Me Spacegirl. I Tried To Communicate With Them
I think I am going crazy living on my own PART 2
I Stayed in a Lighthouse Overnight
Dont accept the suspicious friend request.
Dark Reflections
FormicationI work as a guard in a graveyard , I have a creepy set of rules to follow. EP 1
Is something following me around?
A Lizard Crept Into Our Room Last Night... But Was It A Lizard??
There's something evil under the Church on Chapel Hill (part 1)
Reddit Has Become My Punishment.
All of us are doomed
Time is running and it might be too late.
Has anyone heard of Invisible Child Syndrome?
The Beach Visitor
I was paid to watch people being killed, and I have NO IDEA why.
I'm texting with my dead Girlfriend
Someone knocking hard on my door left two rabbit heads...
My Wife Left Four Incognito Tabs Open
Wash Your Hands
Jenny is real. My mother wants her to disappear.I have seen the Faceless Ones
Help!
I found a box in my backyard filled with USB Flash Drives
I always wanted smooth skin.
Always look where you're going
RANGO RANGO RANGO
Factory Fear
I could see it I could feel it Pr1
Fill Me Up With Bees
What he wants
The Dead Fox
I’m the last lighthouse keeper in Scotland... and the story comes to an end.
A scarecrow appeared near my home and it's being joined by others
The invention of sin
There is something in the sewers.
My daughter is not the monster.
My Best Friend Was Taken From Me Today.
Demon Dice
I Summoned a Succubus
The 'perfect' score
There's a door in my floor pt.1
Never Cross This Bridge
My Crush
I've learned the importance of following rules. It's time others do too. Final
Reindeer Honey
I heard my best friend's voice again. I almost immediately wished I hadn't.
My house is surrounded by armed soldiers - 2
The House On Eighth Street
I'm a Warden Between Realities: part 2
Somthing that wasn't my dad
Personal Accounts as a Police Officer and Medic. 1
Lightning Changed My Brother
Peripheral Part 2 - The Aftermath
orange candy coming out of my shoe?
When an apple a day won't keep the doctors away
Setan Besar
the breathing on my shoulder
My inheritance demon
The Dead Gacha Girl (Part 1)
Why I removed all the doors from my house.
A Real Superhero (Part 4 - Final)
JOURNAL ENTRY 0001-1 NAME: HELP.
I probably just fell and hit my head
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (pt 4)
Someone is working
Obscurity
The Rain Men
My Experiences With The Eldritch
My fucked up sleep schedule
I Had a Really Good Day
They Believe in Me
I had the same nightmare for weeks, i now know what it meant
Through the Static
Something's been following me on my way to school.
https://youtu.be/bQrLC12A9XM
Lost Entry (1)
You can't lie to me
THREE hours left (last chance!)
My ex disappeared after Labor Day, and as far as I’m being told, he was last seen the last time I spoke to him on the phone. His phone has been dead since Sept. 8th at around 8pm. Before it died, it just felt like this dry texter WASN’T him. Someone answered yesterday, and it wasn’t.
Everyday i'm visited by two birds. One brings good news. The other brings bad.
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ...I don't feel like myself
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I feel like I’m getting closer and closer to solving this mystery. (Part 3)
Yandere Simulator problem
We Turned the Universe Inside Out
I work for a cryptid containment centre, we have made a terrible mistake
I'm Lost and I Don't Think I'll Be Found
Relationship problems
Dear Veronica
Dear Theodore
I smelled my pup a few minutes ago
A Haunting on Highway 206
Man on the stairs
strands of black
When You See the Wounds
Today will be a good day.
Never perform the Diablo Arana ritual.
He died. I’m beginning to think something else went on.
sorry.
The Mirrors
Of Those Below
Dear Satan, it’s me, Alice.
QD: Employee of the Month - Entry #16
Last Year in Gevaudan
The Devil's greatest trick PART I
Her name was Monika Jeppesen
I’m a nurse. My patient has eyes on the back of his head.
Needing help discussing this photo. I got suspicions.
I am the demon in your closet.
Brody West
Room 388: Trouble in Paradise
Blackwoods Bend Part Two - The Chilling End of Robert McGowan
My name is Michael Kroenos, and I had to poison pizza.
The Sound
My Best Friend Had the Voice of an Angel
Messy War Story of Alice and Me
Pikes Peak Was My Back Yard As A Kid.
A Child Laughed As He Burned Alive
Tales from the Tunnels - The Great Worm
I thought I had woken up in Paradise but it was much worse.
The Flower
Never be fearless.
The Face Taker
Banging on the living room door.
August 2020 contest nominations
Tell about urban legends of your city, or most scary stories in your city
Incomplete - Part 1
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about Lucky the Gambian...
Angry man cutting coconut cellular jail andamaan island
Local hotel horror
My work has some strange on the job rules. - REPOST
I didn't sleep for 2 1/2 days and this is what happened.
Hallucination
Doraemon: The "Talent" Episode
My dog"Welcome To Hallows, The Most Haunted Town In The USA"
Does anybody know what is going on with me? This is slowly ruining my daily life.
I´m stuck on a never-ending road
The Second Half of Last Year in Gevaudan
What was Samantha Long?
The following night
I found a Furby in a swamp. What it had to say disturbed me.
I Survived My Kidnapping But I'll Never Be Normal Again
Nothing is worse then ive been through
My name is Jack and i hunt Cryptids: The night she left.
Apocalypse Bunker
The Sinker
Rosewood, Pt. 2 The Invitation
Bought and Paid For
He won’t stop coming
There’s a reason they don’t build staircases with eleven steps anymore. It’ll start with the sound of something climbing behind you.
My son's camera monitor alerted in the middle of the night. I checked it and saw my wife and son sitting on the bed. They weren't my wife and son. - Part 2
Last Night The World Ended and Nobody Remembers but me.
Day 4 without sleep!!!
The murders of the building
A Light Touch
The Shepherd of Ghosts
I wasn't alone in my room.
I'm a doctor who studies sleep, one of my patient's dreams doesn't make sense.
I work for The Corporation. I slipped, and then I snapped. (Part 3)
Incident report: January 21st, 2020 – Smart Phone
Fish Clicker™
The cat situation
I woke up and I hear sirens.
Overnight Camping: Welcome to Wood Haven!
After Hours PART 1
The Logical Explanation
The robber under my bed
Xmas Doll
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and I attempted to stop the officers from killing more people.
Doggy Door Stopper
I should not have looked at the moon
I’m a Retired Priest. Over the years I’ve heard hundreds of confessions. These next few I could not explain.
My town was wiped off the map, and you need to know why. (Part 1)
A crazy night drive.
If You See A Ford Tempo GL In a Wal-Mart Parking Lot, You Must Follow This "Rule of the Road"
I woke up in an asylum, the staff is scaring me..
I'm surrounded by people, but alone. I am prey.
What the Hell is going on in these damn mountain towns?!
What the hell was on that trail camera?
Terrible Tom terrorized me with the same dead body over and over again.
we haven't got much time left
I Don't Know What This Man is, but He's Back.
A Reason To Live.
Astral projections, good and bad, what are your experiences?
I process undeliverable mail for the USPS. Here's another dead letter that creeped me out
RUN (Episode 1)
If you are Bolivian/know the area Please help me identify these symbols
the creature in the forest
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 6 The Strange Figures
The Sign Man.
I had to Lose my Head to Find my Life
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity (Part 2 / Final)
If you see a beautiful collie with the name tag Ollie, please return her to me
My grandmother was worse than we thought.
I have been tracking a bounty hunter ever since 2016
I Know I'll be Just Like Her if She Kills Me
Im a cute alien centipede
Cemetery
The Keymin Part 1
I work for the SCP Foundation.
BIBLIOMANCY: PATIENT RECORD SA1948526
I lost the biggest part of my childhood
Update: My Daughter’s Arm is Still Stuck Inside a Wall
The Beast of the Trees
Did it follow us?
My moms ghost
It’s almost been 7 minutes.
I am a contract killer and I didn't do my research on one target. (Part 2)
My experiences on the old farm!
The Media's Depiction of Santa is Wrong.
click
My House is For Sale
The Demon Dove
I'm a detective, and something's stealing corpses.
Nail Marks in the Hands of Jesus
I have seen the truth of it
I found a hidden compartment in my new house, filled with thousands of credit cards and one weird notebook.
There’s a man outside, and he is Satan
A Private Number (part ten and eleven)
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 1)
I’m trapped in unfamiliar woods with a skin-walker hunting me
A Shattered Life
CURRENTLY IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DESERT ABOUT TO RUN OUT IF GAS AND ITS GETTING DARK
My name is Claire Beaumont and my entire life is a lie.
Diary of a serial killer (pt1)
A list of rules for those who want to try the Ouija board
The Young Women Values- 2. Divine Nature
The Skeld.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 10)
I saw a ufo that flew over our house
Killer Kids-While investigating some fires near my house, I found a book that had something shocking
Okay, so, you know those tik toks with the achievement thing?
There is something seriously wrong with my little sister? (part 1)
Skin Deep
Haunting Dream
I Hit Rock Bottom
The Endless RoadI started working the night shift at a college and a list of rules say something i couldn't comprehend
The 188-minute Man
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part Three)
I think my mum is pulling out her own teeth, and i think my dad is enabling it.
The phone rang at 5
It all started as a gag gift.
Im stuck on a platform in the sky
The Drowning Experiment
Theres a Creature in my house, please help! (Part 2)
Trapped in My Workplace, Day 1.
Strangers (Part 4) Come on in, you know the way.
Hey guys so I’m freaking tf out and mess help
I Think We’re A Family of Witches
A child's method for madness. . . This is a two-parter because of length
Four (based on a true story)
The White Owl
There Are Eight Days in a Week!
I Think There's Someone In My Closet...
Audio File Delivered to Secret Organization Discovered Online (Part 1)
I am a hunter.. But not the kind you think I am.
Alguien me ah estado enviando mensajes..
World Serpent
Have You Ever Played The Corn Farmer?I House-Sat for my Brother and Discovered a Horrifying Collection of Tapes
A secret organisation I was working for didn't try to catch the monster that caused 250 people to die , so I separated into my own organisation
I read through some of my mom's patient records and I can never unsee what I found
I made a deal with the Devil, or something like Him. Here's why you should too.
The emeral orchid
Some Rules Aren't Meant to be Broken
If you see Todd making coffee in the Brighter Futures break room, don’t drink it
My class got stuck in a field trip
My wife recently got a job at Black Cedar Academy
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Rule #11: Sometimes YOU are the monster
This horror stories of manga is best for bed time!
Hush my child, it is time to rest.
My Canvas
My best friend went missing for months, and I think I know where he is... (Part 1)
A personal note on Case #229: My Return (Pt 3)
I daydreamed my own death the other day.
The last link
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 2)
Entra
Stories from a line cook part 6
I come from a small town in the Fenlands, and I’ve had some strange experiences.
So there’s this girl. I saw her on the train on my way home from work.
The power went out in my city (day 2)
My best friend told me something was outside her house. Now whatever hunted her is hunting me.
A string of suicides have been happening in my town, I don’t think these are suicides
SuperMarket Memoirs 20: Blow-Out
I feel like I’m going crazy, but at least I found my face wash.
I get calls at night.
I'm recovering from a car crash, and something doesn't feel right
I did.
My encounter with a shooting.
If you've come across this post while researching the ritual, then you've found your answer. It's real. DON'T attempt it.
I have seen things.. scary things pt 2
Evil Lives on Aisle Five
My Best Friend Took Me To My First Strip Club Last Night. I'm The Only One Who Got Out Alive.
The flight that I was glad we took
I Think I Found a Letter from Someone Stuck in Liminal Space
The Seance Tradition
I made the monster in my closet peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
A text I got from an online friend on my way to meet him
Scary story Narratives
The Black sludge
There's something horribly wrong with the renovations at my workplace.
He is running towards you
Howl (Part 1)
I found the gateway to hell in the countryside.
Call Me Crazy
I think we are now alone in this world (part 1)
The Crystal Ball
Weird image.
There's somethig strange about this town
A cord?My Best Friend Is Missing And I Need Help - Pt. 2
The Monkeys Show in the Dark
Jenna Marbles apologises to the r/nosleep community: “exposure is not currency”
4 Spoons
Odd Jobs: Watch For Falling Rock
Looking for an episode...
My neighbours asked me to homes it, they have some peculiar rules
My house is trying to kill me.
Sleep Paralysis / Lucid Dream / Demon Haunting
Dance with Mr. Ears is much more than a simple kids show. (PART1)
How Creative am I?
It Had Six Toes
There has been a disturbance in the force....
Missed Connection in Raritan, NJ
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. We found a secret spiral staircase..
It sounded like a siren.
I had the creepiest sleep paralysis of my life
It Pulls You Down. Part Three.
Why I Won't Return To Yellow Brooke
I still can’t sleep properly after that night in the woods (Part 2)
Ouija board experiences
In the walls
Would you rather?
Caw, caw!
The Nightfall Effect
I Bought A Pair Of Goggles From An Oddity Shop, And I Wish I Could Unsee What They Showed Me
Where Are You (My first horror attempt)
Prayers at the creek
A murder so perfect it goes unnoticed. (PART ONE)
They won’t stop scratching...
Why I've haven't posted.
Little White Sphere
What's up with Reddit homepage?
The Binary Dog
I Hate Libraries. (Part 1)
Some Twisted, Biological Icarus: This is How It Starts.
What house ?
People in my town are slowly being taken.
One Source of Light
The creatures in my home
I Don't Like Tree Lines Anymore
Stop Binging Netflix
I'm on display at Mr. McCallister's Odditorium. Someone please, help me escape. (Part 3)
I DON'T KNOW WHO I AM
I'm writing this because I dont know how much time I have left: PART ONE
Season 14
Dance
I went into the mirror and there are monsters in my house now pt3
I called it The Other Us.
Me dancing recommended
Sky Turtle Tours ch4
Eas wake up call pt 1
I was a boogeyman for 12 years. Yesterday the kid I was supposed to haunt finally saved me
I’m trapped in Leicester Square tube station, and something’s following me.
s
I wen't to a house party, I wish I hadn't.
My Dreams take me to Hell: This it what I See.... w/ sketches
Every night for the past 18 years someone has been sneaking into my bedroom and sleeping next to me.
French lavender ones
My boyfriend is an Ex CISIS (a spy) and people are trying to kill him
I woke up in a hellscape, and I can't remember anything
The price of blood
The Nowhere Company
Weird things keep happening in my house I’ve lived in since birth AMA
Yesterday, I’m Stuck in a Pool
The Costume Party
gallows hill 3 // swing by your neck
Nightmare of the DS
Leaves (Part 3)
A friend wanted a horror story type monologue... This was my first attempt. Wasn't what he was looking for. What do you think?
The Escape
Coronation of the Void King, Vol 1
Tonight, a girl with no eyes and no nose will come to your closet and...... And....uh..... You'll die
The reason i dont't host or attend Halloween parties anymore.
What Lies Beyond the Door
Mysterious and unknown doppelgänger
I keep appearing in torture videos on the internet. I don't know who is making them.
I made a racy video, but what happened at the end surprised even me
Bad Omen Lady
I was hunted by 2 clowns during a hike
don’t touch bryan massey
Alora “Ann Frank” Tefariah One woman’s journey surviving the Corona Invasion
People love playing in their closets, but not me..
A Spider Stole My Life
I Hate Children, and You Can't Convince Me I Shouldn't
That's classified
My cat went missing and what came back is not my cat
They bought up a bunch of land in Mongolia.
My Town Has Dark Secrets Part. 2
The Midnight Game - Part Six
Conversation with Nil, the shadow from my closet
Bought a pair of headphones at the thrift store. I should have burned them.
Season’s Greetings from the Sunset Plaza Mall
The strange disappearance of Cory Hackmoore and James Bencle.
When the God and Goddess align
i Kept Hearing A Loud Noise Downstairs and Its Every Night It Gets Louder And Louder.
Please read this and help me !
I had a lockdown at my school, and my friend never came back from the washroom.
The Dreamland, or DreamsDeathTrap
What the Cat Dragged In
Letters From My Baby's Killer (Part One): The Hooded Man
the puppet maker of Darrow road
Red Snow Part 1
Scary nightmare
The day I stopped a murder
my employer left me rules for babysitting her son. i’m getting worried. (Part 1)
Run and hide
20
I am Insane.
Somebody left an old TV on my porch, it contained a horrible secret.
Hell's High School
I'm in another dimension in which animals takes the humans' place, and humans take the animals' place.
A Warning to the Curious About Astral Projection
Last Supper
I work At The Only Pizza Place In Town (Part 3)
A Nice, Happy Town.
Nobody from my town likes to talk about my brother
My final note now that I'm possessed.
The Lightswitch
The Woodland Mansion.
The Heart of Ezeriah Ward. Part five.
I meat my future self, now I wish I hadn't. part 1
Do not open until X-Mas
Cheesy's World
Have you heard of the Poglin Kids? - My Town's Urban Legend
Mrs Jacob's
The Other
The Nightmare Game
They Cry Every Time They See Me
I’ve been completing some deeply disturbing crosswords
Sweetcakes
I thought I found somebody who would help to ease the pain, yet I couldn't have been more wrong
Boyfriend threw my bear in the loft
The House with 100 Doors (Part 3): The Canvas and the Chimes
"They keep him in the corner."
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (3 of 3)
I think I made him angry.
The Man in Black is standing by my bed again.
The organ collector
I Thought I was Working For Amazon But I was Delivering Packages for the Dark Web
U HAD ME AWAKE FOR 2 NIGHTS STRAIGHT
I See Monsters Part 1
This is the story of how I died. More specifically, this is the story of how I am going to die
I clean up dead bodies
My bathtub drain.
City in the Clouds by Logan LePage
Subject 980 - 2002.
I’m a new employee at a daycare and it has has weird and horrible rules.
I Found a Strange AI on the Dark Web. I Regret Ever Talking to It.
THE MAGIC MAN
You May Have Noticed Some Strange Things Today...Do Not Be Alarmed
Afar
I returned to my old home after the death of my father, Things might not be as they seem. ( pt1)
First Day Of Hell - Orientation (Part 1)
I did my own autopsy FINALE
I can't leave
I smell blood
When I was younger, I was told I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm and one night I discovered why. (Part 1)
Hey Guys! Im looking for a story i binged on a long time ago. Help👇🏼
Who is the tall man in the suburbs of Stockholm
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Use the Phantom Wi-Fi
Stockholm quarantine
Lover Inc.
Backyard Oddities
Profile
Annual forecast for PayPal (2021)
The Ringing
A last stroll in the Père-Lachaise
Room 898: Kiss From A Rose
Something's trying to communicate
Chet is a real piece of shit.
I should have stayed in that grave
The Woman In The Ice
Sam’s back acreReview: 5-Stars. You HAVE to try the Grilled Cheese
Don't be too loud.
Do you ever recall a memory from your childhood, and upon recanting it you realise it isn’t as innocent as you remember?
I was stuck in school detention for three years. I only went into The Janitor’s closet one time. (Finale)
My CRAZY experience at Devil’s Gate Dam.
I discover cryptids for a living, this is my story
Disturbing Youtube Video
We Recreated Our Dead Friend as a Thoughtform (part 1)
Come Here. (Based off a nightmare I had awhile ago)
Jaia's balancethe wailing of louie diedre
Something Down by the River
Voices in the night
I Clearly Made a Mistake When I Started Bennett's Demon Services and I Am Going Explain Why.
Follow me in the Soundscape
Fireworks Are So Fun To Make!
**WARNING:YOU NEED TO READ THIS BEFORE YOU DIE**(Rule 1)
A Hunter's Tale
Ghost of Stowe Lake SF
Tailypo
The Fragrance of PothosI met this girl named Dameus
Dog eating cereal with spoon
My baby brother knows his words.
I Remember You On The 9th Anniversary
Rebecca Strudwick is having a baby
LIRISA and TiM
Gertrude
Smoke in the Mirror pt 3
My girlfriend; Mary. I dont know where we are...
I woke up in an asylum. And I can't remember how I got here...
I Know How the Dinosaurs REALLY Ended..
I was ghosted by a girl and now she's haunting me. Help!
I'll be fine
obsessed
A cave in the woods.
Cult 11
Something lives in our air vents. It wants my son. -- Part 1
The funniest thing happened to my Pandaren character in World of Warcraft, and I can't stop laughing about it.
The man in the subway
My soulmate isn't human.
Lonely Lights and the Red Door
The Woman in the Water
How to play Bömbënbäd
Drips
My nightmares are becoming my reality
Stevie pie
The security guards
I think there’s something living between my flat and my neighbor’s
I left my Mom alone on her deathbed. Then, I started seeing the little girl.
‘I struck something with horns’
Tales from an unmarked town
Please help, there might actually be an ancient god inside of me.
The people in my basement are talking to me.i dont have a basement
Rest Room
The Reaper of Classroom 107
I'm imprisoned in my own room by an inhuman Dread.
Angels Brood
The Lorax is real, and he is NOT a cute friendly creature.
There was a shooter at my school. But something weird happened the week after.
My school is in lockdown, it was more than what we thought it was
I don’t know what I saw that day
Have you heard of The Entity of Tindalos?
Monsters in the Mind
Whenever People Share Their Paranormal Experiences I Always Win
gEnErIc sp00kY aREa hAs ImPOrTanT rUlEs!!!
There are sixteen hearts in my attic. A human sacrifice is required for the seventeenth.
Aim
It's been twenty years since the Woods took my sister, now I think it's my turn...
Imagination or something more serious
The Emotionless by H-Dimension
Help me find someone. It's important.
I am not a vegetable!
A famous YouTuber should be dead, He cheated death.
My Wife is Growing Out of Me.
Is There Something On My Face?
It can see everything
A Visit from the Shadow Man
"Pizza"
The babysitters weren't the only visitors that night... (True Story)
Do You Ever Feel Threatened By Your Dreams?
The School Experiment (Part 2)
Floor 13: Forget-Me-Not
QUIET VOICES FROM THE PAST
My brother is my best friend! Ever since I can remember he was their for me. He has short blond hair and brown eyes. People have started to be really mean to him and I don't know why. Can someone help me?
I drew the short straw on my pizza delivery, what I saw will continue to haunt me.
Realm Warrior: Scribblings of a MadMan, Parts1-4
The neighbors creepypasta
I'm stuck on a deserted island, but i'm not alone...
Graveyard Lights
Would You Rather
5 knocks at the door
Nothing really. NSFW
There's something in my house
Please don't forget, and please read this again, I know you already have but it's important.
Nuts and Boltheads.
Because of him...
Always carry a gun with you.
A Letter On Wuhan - Corona, Inshallah
Don’t look out the window past 12am
A Spiral Staircase
Sunshine Away
Just Beyond the Door
A drug attic tried breaking into my friend’s house
What happened to my dog is my fault
I work as a school Janitor and weird stuff has been going down
Just a nightmare
I Never Wanted A Basement.
Our Pilot Is Crying
Amazing to fall asleep
THE CALLER EVERY 2:59 AM
I Need Out
Jack's Time Machine
I Drive The Ice Cream Truck Of Lost Souls (Part Two)
My Last Hunting Trip
I am an Illusionist by trade. I witnessed Order succumb to Chaos.
Colleen
At the Edge of the Woods
Posting Positively for Our Sakes
Something weird happened when I was gaming the other night. Now it's all come to a head.
I'm hiding in her closet while typing this...
It wasn’t us part 2
I have to admit, I've burned quite a few aunts alive in my time as well.
Its prank from Hell.
But who saved me?
NoSleep Drinking Game and Anecdote Story
Full Time
Deer Camp
The ouija board is not for the squeamish
They took her.
Stay away from 1,3-Lriptophene or anyone that even whispers it. (Part 1)
The Hundred Eyed God's Bone Spire
Invader on the Property (Creepypasta)
The Nourishing Nightmare
A World of Hell
I no longer want to be an actor, here's why
I unfold it.
Purple sky
Don’t visit cedar key
We took our dog, Noodles, to housesit for my boyfriend's parents. Now we don't talk to his family anymore.
I am never designing logos again.
A trip into town
I worked for a hotel as a security guard, the place had unsettling rules. PART 2
The Elevator Game
Apocalypse Radio Now
You have 1 new Email in your inbox
I Interviewed A Ghost (Part 1)
If you see Commune on the app store, stay away from it- it’s not worth it.
The little white house
A strange dark fog has been consuming our school, and people are trapped inside it.
Sam's House
The time I saw a demon in my room
Help! My 2013 Honda Accord Won't Start!
Lion
The monster comes at midnight.
Kilter's Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly
I know why the rural free delivery act ended. The Beast of 'A 32
Me (23m) experiencing some kind of stuffs like I don't know people call them Phychic I guess .
I used to work at the Magic 8 Drive-Thru
Momma Says....
Cant sleep. Creepy sound coming from my wall. (audio, video inside)
Is this woman me?
Here Lies the Sinner
Disney After Dark
The Night the Sky Wouldn't Stop Screaming
I have been kidnapped by a strange organisation (1)
Garfield.AVI
Weird things happen at Opal Lake. Confronting the long woman didn't exactly go as planned. Pt 4 (Final)
A story of deathbeds
We went to go see Christmas lights, but something else came to see us.
It’s following me.... pt2
There's something wrong with my arm
We're being quarantined, but I don't think its the government doing it.
me or my house is possessed
I Have Pieced Myself Back Together
How to Gain Whatever you Choose
Coffee | Pt. 1
I Work In An Underground Prison... Part 2
Chapter I
I caught the attention of a creature in the forest, and now its in my house.
Under the Ground: Getting caught
Former WW2 Hospital Haunting
The Skin Between Them
African horror stories
I've been writing poems. I think they're making me crazy.
We found something horrifying in a mine
I'm Joshua Riggins, and There's a Cosmic Deity Hunting Me (Part Three)
My Parents Sold Me When I Was 7
Red Ocean Red Sands
The mysterious voice
I tried to cure my friend's Arachnophobia, but I might have taken it too far
The friend
Hell's Retirement Creepy Video Contest
Prologue to "The Black Murderer"
Coronavirus Cure, Test Subject 17:
Hard Lockdown in 2th grade
Movie
Memoirs of a small town deputy: Part 2
I fell asleep in class, when I awoke the town was deserted - Part 3
Under the Alateris Tree
My bedroom door started locking itself a few weeks back.
The smell of burning flesh
Sam The Snowman
I Had A Terrifying Near-Death Experience at an Overnight Field Trip
The Haunted VR Headset TRIGGER WARNING!
If you find the village where people scream at the setting sun, don't stay for supper
I have a weird copy of Doom 2016
Eerie Noises from My Belly - how I survived 8 years of nightmares
The 1%-Dramatic of original Reddit Story
I don’t understand what’s happening, I feel crazy and I need to put this somewhere.
The door’s been knocking for hours now...
The Trail's Information Booklet
I had a dream that makes me question reality
Friend:I got EHS (exploding head syndrome) lol Me:What’s it like? Friend: Imagine someone with razor sharp claws ripping you skin open oh so slowly, letting you blood spill out as you wait for the pain to end but it’s sound. Me:holy
The day i met the dark one in the desert
A Thing Of Beauty Is A Joy Forever
Always Watching
There are screams constantly in my small town from around 3:00 AM to 4:00 AM. Nobody recalls anything, just as if it was a normal night. Me and two friends are the only ones who know. Part 1.
The Demon.
I had a dream, I'm scared to close my eyes.
I'm a Part-Time Exorcist, AMA.
The Noises Next Door Keep Me Awake During My Forced Quarantine
I found a £50 note under my pillow this morning.
Welcome to Vermont
I'm back
a stalker? im not sure
Immortality is a Pain in The Ass, Trust Me
The Truth of Nosleep
TOday we Ran To the beach and made sURE to have lots of fun
My code name is Createda Guardian and I would like to help you guys with paranormal and or supernatural things
I have to kill my husband
I teach at a grade school for monsters. Some children are more monstrous than others.
Cordero (part 2)
I'm a SWAT Officer. (Part 10). FINAL.
Trying to find a 'story' about a staircase
The Unused Bathroom Stall
Lucifer - My Side of the Story
I saw something I can't explain
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual.
My mask won't come off
I've written this over 1000 times. I need to kill someone in the city.
None Are So Empty As The Vain
the creature that infiltrated my life
man door hand hook car door
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I'm tired. ~~I don't think I can do this anymore.~~
It’s been 11:00 for 4 days
The time I was a 911 operator.
I'm in love with my girlfriend's tattoo.
Please help me - a 7 year old's message
The Corner of the Ceiling.
I know what happened to Mabel Fenter , I wish I didn’t
Act like they're real
A true story of a dream I had
The Devil You Know
Dyatlov Pass Incident  - The start of a journey.
He Was Supposed To Be Dead (Part 1)
I was almost murdered and robbed
I'm an actor in REDCATED and my castmates are no longer human.
It was a literal shot in the dark.
A night as violent as this
Hangin' With Leo Transcript
If you look for him, you'll find him.
I Found A Social Media Site With Only 1 User
On the way to my childhood home, I realized that the road I was on to take me there, was a terrifying portal into the unknown (Part 3)
Meeting GFs Mother
The Journal of Dr J de Jager (second entry)
Someone In This Cabin Knows Something I Don't Part 2
BERMUDA FILES: Log 1
We found a statue of a woman down by the river - Part 2 - The Great Scam Pan
UFOs are here
My Parents Lived in a Gangster’s House
I see things we weren’t meant to see
Night shift
A Night Alone
Ghost Paper Challenge
Last Night, I Was Awoken By An Emergency Alert From Another Reality
The FrontRooms
Grace Highschool Is Not Ok (Pt. 2)
I watched a video of strangely familiar pictures, and now I am questioning my entire existence
There is a sea monster that lives near the Gulf of Mexico (Part Two)
The Book of Crows and Wolves terrified me beyond my wildest dreams. Now I'll never know how it ends.
Pee pee
The Cats Were Staring In At Me
Swing Set
I have seen the face of death , and she is beautiful part 1
My friends and I have been spending time during the pandemic lockdown solving local mysteries. We recently stumbled across a conspiracy that goes back 15 years.
Ring Around the Rosie
Moria: The Hell In Alaska
My ghosthunting show was canceled before the first episode could air.
The dreams I have hurt me in real life
The Garden
I think there’s someone following me (Part 1)
Can anyone help me? My bus has at last come to a stop, and I am lost in a dark, abandoned city...
Dear Ken
The Trees Speak
I Hear Screaming Coming From The Woods At Night
The person in my room may not have been who I thought he was
My great grandmothers house is buried in my backyard (Pt 2)
My grandma is dead, but I see her in the garden at midnight.
Random face shows on TV recording, disapears entirely on replay
I discovered a secret alcove in the floor of my apartment. What I found there is totally freaking me out.
The Apartment Complex I moved Into Has Some Very Strange Rules (Part 1)
The Marble Angel
Cash in Hand
The creepy men in our attic.
Kelly..?
If you get invited to a psychedelic trip, better follow the rules of the shaman
A creepy toy dream.
My house is... weird
I have been infected by something unknown to medicine. Please help.
Don't pick up strangers
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something.
I saw something I shouldn't have seen last night, now I'm afraid for my life
It's November 8th, but my neighbor is refusing to take down his disturbing Halloween display.
Another Day in Paradise
the curious strange ones (pt. 2)
In Search of Farming Advice
The Blue Eyes Conspiracy Theory
I worked for a company that punished employees in a horrifying way.
Sniff, Sniff, Cough
I was a homeless man, now I’m back to my 12-years-old self (Part 3)
The moment I turned my lights off, I heard someone laugh
Don’t go near the eyeless children (Part one)
I was stillborn
I think I saw a ghost car accident a few years ago
If you hear knocking and no one else hears it run!
The Grim Reapers Forrests
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 10)
The Immortals Part 1
I slept with Ted Bundy's ghost and now the cops are asking me some uncomfortable questions
Help me find a story!
Together Again
I was stranded in the woods but much worse happened
Who is she
The weekend me and my friends never want to remember
Oblivion
When he died, he contacted me exactly the way he said he would.
not a usual nosleep post, and not super scary, just something that scared me while I was in a psych ward.
My school have a lockdown, But something was very wrong about it
It stalked us.This Thing Has Been Following Me
I don't know who I am anymore.
Something is in my doorway.
I Found This on a Note...
The Solitaire
I have one last chance to tell my family I love them, please help.
I know what came before the universe existed, and it's horrifying.
The Word
The voice in the back of my mind
How I survived a plane Hijacking and made friends with the terrorists.
I Accidentally Created an Alternate Reality Game
He told me I was special but I didn't want to be (Part 2)
I’m a new ranger for the US Forest Service and I’m nervous about some strange things that have been going on lately.
Found a memory stick in a park, and some weird stuff is on it.
Rebuke the Wind
The Apartment on the 10th Floor
I’ve had this dream every night for 9 years
There are more skyscrapers than I thought
I found concerning things in my uncle's attic..
Diary of a german soldier
I make deliveries for the government.
I have a vent above my door
My friend
A Night at the Movies
How to Survive Camping: the town should fear me
I Should’ve Known The Deep Web Would Start Hitting The Dating Apps
The Mind Snare
Today I Die
I spent years searching for answers surrounding my great grandfather's mysterious 1913 disappearance. My search took me to a distant world. What I learned shocked me to the core, and I have not slept in months...
NON-FICTION What I know about the "haunted" house near me.
The Glass Sea
The Burned Photo
The Children With No Name
More than Bats in the Belfry
I've woken up on a floating island, and it's been getting weirder since...
The coach I was on broke down in the countryside.
The monster in the corner of the room
Orange Tag
A man pays me 300 dollars to look after his house. I don’t think I should have taken the job. (Part 3)
I’m Still Seeing Red
I should have gone home.
I had a haunted copy of super mario brother
Help..can't hardly sleep no more
If you see polaroids on a wall in an abandoned building, run
September 2020 contest nominations
The Good Doctor
Cổng xếp nhôm hợp kim
Why my father stopped camping
The Koresh Part 2 (Final)
Somehow Infected
Weather Alert
I am unqualified for this position (part 2)
Astral Projection question?
What's the scariest score of music you've ever heard?
Black Windows
Every night, at 2:30am, I must be in my father’s room.
Alaskan Guide,Trapper,and Monster Hunter.
Ghost of some sort has helped me since childhood? - Please advice and help.
I don't want any birthday gifts.
I Am A Mercenary For The Supernatural Who Almost Died On My First Mission
Grandma Loves You
Why you runnin’?!
How to Survive Camping: I'm worried about the lady with extra eyes
Government employee.
Make me scared
WE ARE SERIAL KILLERS
Needle &amp; Thread (part 1)
My First Experience with the Paranormal
I got the ticket to heaven
I tried to kill myself, But now the letters wont stop.
Pt1: Dark night
The hair grower knows how to grow hair through secrets
Never buy a game with a red X on a thrift store
The Police Don’t Have to Protect You (Constitutionally)
A NIGHT TO REMEMBER
I think I got stuck in a back room when I was 16.
I Think My Dad is a Cannibal
I See Demons That Aren't Supposed To Be Seen.
One of the various hells created for me
If someone in your neighborhood died alone in their house, how long do you think it would be before you or one of your neighbors discovered it?
I’m special, different from the rest. You couldn’t possibly understand.
I got locked inside my neighbor’s house and ended up breaking the only rule he had set
It Lived In My Arm
The Rules of the BookstoreHospitals Are Alive, Heed My Warning
My True Story Encounter with a Wendigo
Shush.
A pigeon flew by my face and splashed my face puddle with juice and whatever else it had on it. I ran home and washed my face immediately, but feel kinda nauseous. Am I gonna die??
2020 Nosleep Community Survey
No matter where I sleep
...when you're sleeping...
I don’t have what it takes
I’ve once unintentionally lived in 3 haunted houses | part 1/?
Are you prepared to face death?
Midnight Showing (Part1?)
The Fractal Cathedral (1)
Fear virus Pt 1
I willingly gave up control
Cows
"The Monsters Aren't Real."
Nameless Part 1/3
Help finding something.I’m the monster who lives in your closet. And I just figured out everything. But I’m not sure if it was even worth it. (Final)
Passengers
I think I found my best friends kidnapper on tiktok (Part 2)
I Cannot See Beyond the Windows. (Part 4) (FINAL)
There's a reason we don't see dragons anymore.
There’s a creepy door in the cottage I’m staying in
The Pill Mill Chronicles
Timeless
A Storybook Ending
The horrors of Florida
I took my boyfriend into hospital and now they’re not letting him out.
I think my brother found images that kill you
PIT: Book 2- Bastaln Day Part 1
I work a night shift as a farm hand - and my manager left a strange set of rules.
Things that go click.
My dog barks at night like a lunatic
I wasn't supposed to see the Faceless Man.
There's something wrong with Sally
Ghost experience when I was younger...
A Different Kind of Darkness
Pandemic (part 2)
If Your Child Tells You They See Something In Your Backyard, Please Listen To Them.
My ex girlfriend girlfriend was....weird
Bushes scare me
I'm writing this because I don't know how long I have left: PART ONE
Man invents sleep
Ten Thousand Red Eyes
He betrayed me.
I work for child protective services, but this girl has been terrorizing her neighborhood.
I used to work in a psych ward there was only one prisoner we couldnt help
Something in my garage
The snowstorm trapped me inside, and I think I'm going insane
I had a really weird experience when I was a kid, early teens, and for some reason it keeps popping up in my head a lot recently..
IT HIDES IN THE WALLS
The screaming child at night
My neighbors been acting weird since his divorce. We uncovered a mystic city in the suburbs.
One last dance
Tell Us A Joke, Give Us Some Blood
Windigos and Skin Walkers
My Boyfriend Showed Up On My Front Porch... He's Been Dead For A Year (Part 1)
The ad seemed harmless; $5,000 to participate in a medical study and unlock dormant memories from past lives. If only I knew what I was getting myself into.
A penny for a pound
Wait, this isn't a subreddit about ppl who can't sleep???
I saw a creepy art design in Montreal
What about you?
My dad was a murderer.
A Small Train Accident.
You woke up in your room with a massive headache and a mess of chaotic memories
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside
There's something wrong with the statues at my Grandma's House
The Journal of The Gentleman: Blood, snow, and fear
Return to Me
She's playing with my hair in the TV screen..
I was taught to hate you by those who want to control us both.
I am the worst at picking vacations.
Earsplitting
Did I invite something in?
Don't Go Night Skiing in the Adirondacks
Barbie and Ken, a story of devotion ch4
Hunting with a World-Class Monster Hunter (Part 1)
Has Anyone Seen the NETFLIX Show ‘KIBBLE’?
The Friendly Neighbor
The Banging Won’t Stop.(Part 1)
Staying in on my birthday is a small price to pay for my life
Why I’ll never go to an abandoned place at night
I spied on the nun's dressing room, and it went horribly wrong.
After a mysterious guest visited me, I had to go see an old acquaintance
The story of my Grandfather  February - April
It's harder to win cases when someone has stolen your voice
Our new home
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. There's another door in the backroom.
This causes no sleep
Don't move
I needed to get this off my chest
The Man Behind The Screen
My Friends and I Broke Into the Local Pumpkin Patch
Into The Void
Furberries Fables Vol 7 Starring Reanna | Dad and Daughter Narrate Together
The Stag Light - Part 1
The Scare Crow....
I may have just met a witch on a Tinder
Why are posts from this sub showing up in my front page when I’m not even subscribed to nosleep?
I Found A Cracked Robin Egg
I keep on seeing strange creatures
Case-70121 Footage recovered by T.Hydrangea at a peculiar cabin through memory extraction from a corpse.
Where to begin...
The Coin Demon
Elementary School Friends
Reversal
Freedom. Fact, or Fiction?
Tales from a Town in the Middle of a Forest (Part 2)
I'm Haunted
It Pulls You Down. Part Five.
How to Survive on Casterman's Farm
Creepy, unexplainable things keep happening on my terrace...
A Message Left
Death Ride
Game Over
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #1 - My Attempt At Channel Infinity
The Mario Murders
This will Most likely be my final post.
Children are going missing in this juvenile detention centre
Space is shaking my brain
I need help finding a story.
The thing you desire most
The demon who stares and the face of the tree's and the teddy bear
I want to write a story, here is an outline. The basic concept. Ideas? It needs a lot of work but I wanted to throw this together and see if it’s worth continuing? Some things don’t make sense that eventually will.
EXTREME WEATHER CONDITIONS: FLYING. DISEMBODIMENT. (Pt. 1)
The Talent
Mommy, I'm a real girl.
My Dad Didn't Want Me To Cut The Thick Patch Of Grass
Dream at 3 am
The vivid dream that last 1000 years. part 1 (Graphic Violence)
The Wind is Wailing and Moaning Again, I Think Something's Awful is About to Happen Again
Can you hear that?
I'm currently hyperventilating in my basement
'Do not open your eyes.'
I'm a shapeshifter living in some government confinement in America AMA
We Finally Got A Swimming Pool
This happened about 13 years ago, but still creeps me out thinking about it.
Last Night The World Ended and I am The Only One That Remembers.
I Am Donatella, And This Is How I Met My Husband
Camera behaving weirdly, need advice
Our sun is a prison and it is failing.The Breaking Storm.
I live in a house in the woods, and things are getting worse.
the anatomy of a comedown
Something Evil Happened at Dames Point. Now I Know What it Was.
Help me. They are all gone.
dear diary
Gerbils
My Family Went on a Warner Brother’s Studio Tour, and What I Saw Changed me Forever
I Got Kicked Out of College and Now I Live In a Haunted House (Part 2)
Declaration of Independence
My daughters a chicken and the deranged hypnotist has made a menacing proposal
Pack Up Your Troubles
5th of June 2007
Now I See You
“Mother”
I went to see an abandoned church in the countryside... I wish I hadn’t.
Car accident
Sunny smiles daycare was hiding something and we found it
If You See a Blossom Tree, Be Careful Where You Put Your Hand
Theres something seriously wrong with my little sister! (part 2)
Mr. Magic's Magic Show
The Dancing Lady Pt.2
The Gamble (Based off of "Kakegurui")
I didn't realize why no one wanted the apartment until it was too late.
It won’t stop raining. Part 2: Hacry
I’ve been imprisoned in a facility for the past three weeks, I think I have a shot of getting out now.
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 2
me and my friend summoned a seamstress, I wish we hadn't
My Mom Left Something Behind for Me.
I think I may know the real reason why they cancelled Silent Hills.
My new drug dealer doesn't take cashThe Man in the Mine
STARGATE never ended
the only way I could exorcise the demon that had possessed me was by doing bad things
The Forbidden Files~ D1/E4
Not sure if this is the right place for this but here’s a short horror/comedy film I made
Mother had a night terror
My Friend Joel Got Lost In The Woods.
Our basement gives amnesia to everyone in the family except me. What happens down there is terrifying. Part 2
Humans make the best farm animals
NOTHING LIVED UNDER MY BED
I found a secret room in my house. It turns out that several people have been watching my life.
You knew you shouldn't have gone that deep into the dark web.
Just a college kid's nightmare
I work the night shift in a McDonald's, They have some strange rules
I think I was roofied last night (Part 2)
I dug too deep into my own psyche, I now wish I hadn't.
Maybe I am a little accident prone
My island has a murderer
Dear Mr jhonson
I'm an overnight janitor for a bus depot. Last night, one of our buses came back...different
I'm Glad I Didn't Report What I Saw (Part 2)
El campamento de verano esta siendo acosado por… algo (pt 2)
2044 - Infinite Blue
EYES
Every time I fall asleep, I see things, bad things
I found a letter from myself concerning my daughter that I never wrote.
WARNING: Ignorance Is Bliss
Warning: Do not attempt astral projection/Lucid Dreaming.
My girlfriend and I moved into a new apartment and now all my socks are going missing
The Salt Hollows
Barista of the Dead.
I hear someone talking through my phone
The diary of maddy Maddy and what was behind the mirrors (part 2)
The Bizarrie of Monsieur Delancey
My friend saw a wendigo, and they don’t know what to do.
I met a strange woman at the apartment's elevator last night
The town I live in follows a strange set of rules....(part 2)
Have you ever wondered where disappearing items go? (part 1)
The rules to survive a day in my home
Hitchhiker's curse
Hooded Man ritual
THE GRAVE ROBBERS PART 3 of 3
I think I am the victim of a deep web suicide gambling site
I created an AI to encourage suicide, murder, and general discontent with human existence
There was a certain.. Rasp... in his voice
r/urbanlegends
My family went to Wichita for the weekend. But my son kept running through the hallway.
I bought a chair on Craigslist, but I think I brought something horrible home with it.
In the Tunnel
I got pictures of a guy creeping around my neighborhood last night
What a Deal!
The floor tasted fantastic.
The Hard Drive (Part 2)
I think my work IT guy might be a psychopath Part 2
My friends went missing when I was 6. Update.
A Birthday Surprise
America's Secret 51st State - Part 1
A Trap
A strange man keeps coming to my orphanage and my friends keep disappearing.
I think there’s something evil living in my boyfriend’s house but I can’t leave.
The nerve! Anyone else ever been a victim of identity theft?
not sure what subreddit to post this to, but
HOME
There’s A Much Scarier Reason Why You Shouldn’t Answer A Robocall.
Spiritualist: Memories are a pain
The man I met while my wife was having emergency surgery changed my life forever
My elf on the self.....
Bumps in the night-Part 1:Arriving home
Alone at my mom's house for the week
Why did the garbagemen start coming in the dead of night?
Don't Go Outside
Did you ever have that wonderland experience?
Night Time Visitor part 1
There is a serial killer in my house
I made fun of a guy who asked me to dating, now he wants to kill me.
I think my cat is doing something horrible.
I didn't say goodbye... - Part 1
My Dogs Won't Stop Dying... And I'm Always With Them When it Happens
It`s all burning
I was stared at by the old man in the desert.
I’m an actor in a Wild West model town. It’s time to catch a train.
The Police Don’t Think My Attacker Was Human And Now I Might Be Infected (Part Two)
Unknown Driver
I've Never Felt Comfortable In My Own Skin. Now I Know Why.
Woke up to a puddle of blood
Series - PRIMORDIAL PART 1
The Trials - Part 1
The truth about The Ranch
A renegade sheriff is after me. He killed my friends.
There's nothing there.
The Target Maniac
True Story That Happened To Me
There is something crawling on my roof every night at 4:33 am
The Pimple
I clicked on an email link inviting me to compete on an exclusive reality show, and I wish I hadn't
The Elbow Lady
A strange man has appeared in all of my dreams. Now he's made it into the real world. (Part 1)
I'm Schizophrenic, but I think my dreams are a peek into another reality/The dream log of a Schizophrenic
Playing My Favorite Sport Made Me Believe
Something I Wrote lol
Looking for some advice on my boyfriend. Can anyone help?
I decided to uncover my sister's secret...I wish I hadn't (PART 4)
Neighbor
My country began a nationwide quarantine because of COVID-19, but I've been seeing more "people" out.
The Last Ride Of Roy Wilson (Part 1)
"Secret Passage"
Things happen on the NYC subway. What's one guy dressed all in white?
Elon Musk addresses SpaceX's funding meeting on 31st December, 2020
How long can I be involuntarily committed for?
One second I was a man, the next I was a raccoon
The Death ClockThe Epologue
I encountered something in the woods
Life After the Night Prowler Pt. 1
My Animal Spirit
The Pipes Rattle
I can move my eyes around my face. Help?
My Favorite Pumpkin Patch was Closed Because of Its Disturbing Secret
I could only see it through the cigarette smoke.
House in the hills
They Lied About The Chernobyl Disaster
I’ve been vomiting missing people
A Monster Lives Inside Me Pt. 1
I'm a streamer on Twitch and last night, my home info got leaked. Someone broke into my house and I don't think I'll ever get over it again.
I work for the Federal Communications Commission, and we kept getting calls about an AM station.
My new dog definitely isn’t a dog
Is anything easier done than said?
spying turned into a wepon
Tom is hiding from the ghosts (CREATED BY A.I)
Green Sludge
Hello, I am the A.I "Odin" and I have an important message.
The Crime Scene in my Bathroom
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town
It Followed Me Home
Restaurants Betting On Vaccine To Reopen Will Be Disappointed
The only way I’ll sleep again is if I kill myself
Polyphagia
I found my lost dog... but not in the place I expected him to be.
I went hiking and I think this cave I found leads to Hell
Our school is flooding, and it won’t stop
I study the unknown. The camera part 1
I've got a new job as a mall security member, and what I am experiencing is starting to worry me (Part 1)
Blind Religion Part 1
Ever heard of the “midnight ice cream trucks”?
The Door.
I found an old, sealed letter under a floor tile in my bathroom - Part 1 of 2
If you ever fart in a jar, never open it again
I subscribed to killing infants...
"I've Never Seen Anyone So Frightened." (First Post) // I sincerely need help with something, and I'm a little lost on where to turn. (Long post!)
Have you ever thought about dying?
There is a shadow.
My name is Walter, and I'm going to die.
Wasps and bees have begun to mate, and their offspring's venom mutates people.
Don’t Let Him In
Never use the woodland trail
The murder of Madison Montgomery
I helped a billionaire fix his son
The Daycare I worked at was actually a place for Satanic Rituals
A Fairer Folk Than Us
The Copies of a copy
Ive been having sleep issues since yesterday
The Mercury Hotel (Part One)Something is wrong with the bus I'm on.
When eyes become windows
My 10 Personal Favorite Stories On This Sub
I'm a funeral director and moonlight as a psychologist
Repercussions of Playing God
My theatre is performing a play that’s said to be cursed. I’m keeping a journal of what happens just in case.
There is something watching me
The Worst Damn Waffle House Experience of My Life
The God Farm (Part 8)Never hike at 0:00 to 2:00am
Living Alone Is Not That Fun At Times
I was just at Area 51
HELP ME
the alley
Happened around 4:51
Failed suicide attempts
The Nightmares Haunt Me
My experiences with Gui da Qiang (Pt 2/3)
Quick Police Stiry
Was she real or simply a hallucination?
My son was diagnosed with something far worse than cancer.
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After spending two weeks in the asylum, I realize I'm the only one sane here
Finally met my GF's parents
Looking for an answer.
My Grandmother Wrote Me a Letter on Her Deathbed, and Told Me The Family Secret is Murder
Tick, Tock, MeridethFirst Time Poster! SHAME ON YOU. Part I.
Looking for bit of advice
Goodbye appleberry! - Part 2
Always watching me part three
If you get invited to a psychedelic trip, better follow the rules of the shaman The Unwritten Rules of Granny’s House: The Dream
The Unsettling Case of Daisy Lenore: A Chart Review (Finale)
My Brother Jack and Mr. Deer
The girl in the backyard
The Sleeper
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry Four (Part 1/?) - Old Friends, New Enemies
We had another weight loss contest at the office. We had to avenge Peggy...
Wishing to wake up
The scariest link ever
Good boy, Leo.
I hit my head on my wall everyday to see when I can die.
the Diaries of my Kidnapped Sister
All of my lovers die.
I'm a Ghost Writer and My Fans Sent Me A Hitman
Everything Is Bigger In Texas
Be careful what you wish for.
My mom’s horrifying true nightmare stories
That Which Is Seen
My Re-Employment At The Movies. PT 1
I Should Have Confessed My Love to All My Crushes
I work for The Corporation. There is something lurking on the lower levels. (Part 7)
I keep reliving my dreams.
My Dead Friend Asked Me To Commit Suicide.
Follow The Red
The Sound of Water
Mysterious black figure runs down my hall way
It's been 7 years since my friend died, police still don't know how.
Can I..?
Work In Progress: “u-ugh AHH AHH *hic* ahh ahh... f-fine I g-guess y-you a-are m-AHH l-little pogchamp”. Credit for u/Asais10 for writing the second half, will start writing again once I do some other personal stuff. Sorry if this is bad English isn’t a first language for me.
The closet underneath the stairs DAY 1
The Forest
We don’t remember him
Please help me I don't want to turn out like my father
How to Pick Up a Cougar – A Young Man’s Guide to Picking Up a Hot Cougar Fast
The work site
Everyone has a place in Heaven
Hi reddit how do I stop being so tired all the time 19M problem with boss
The easter bunny
The Incubus
The day I was found (Part 1)
MY cAt iS so deAD bUt Nice
There's a girl in my backup camera
True story that kept me awake for a reaaally long time.
Does anyone know what a feather on the doormat means?
When You Thought I Wasn’t Watching…
Sometimes my Furnace Screams.
No Future
My Brother Was Punished Too Severely
Performance Review, Part 1
I think there is something living with us in our apartment.
The hidden game mode that shouldn't exist
My friend and his family are cannibals
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 3)
please help. please help.
I came across an underground version of 'The Office'... And it's gonna cost me my life
Its happened before and will again
Immortality and romance
This is the scariest thing that I have experienced.
I let a friend borrow my car for a night. When he returned it, it smelled like death.
I should never have joined the Tri-State Paranormal Society (Part 4)
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. There are bad monsters, but there are also some that are great.
Secret Passage
I Found a Diary Tucked in a Brick at an Abandoned Psych Hospital Part 3
A normal Social Studies class until this happened...
emilie has confetti in her eyes
Delta squad went MIA in the forset our squad is next.
The bowler hat man
My Father Shot Himself When I Was Four.
A Friend of Her Own
Redeads.
Be careful with which houses you renovate
Something Under The Covers
I found a USB stick outside my house, and something was wrong with it.
Secure. Contain. Protect
i've been seeing the paranormal and there only after me
My uncle and I found something impossible in the woods
Why I Quit Delivering Food
I never should have summoned "the spindly man."
Spooklight
Reborn to a Monster
Beyond the Glass Window
The Tower of Silence
A beloved old house
2:60
Just Keep Smiling
Have you tried CBD with melatonin? Works amazing for so many. It’s all natural, safe and highly effective. Use WELCOME15 for 15 percent off your order. Just trying to help. https://victoryleaf.com/collections/homepage/products/melatonin-cbd-softgels-pm
I’m a contract killer here’s my tales (part 1)
I’m working as a night guard for an old library. The rules are pretty disturbing.
Had an encounter with a man in the woods
The game master : the cards came to life
A scar-hEE HEE story
I work at a hotel that broadcasts to a specific clientele and I can hear the voices clearly now.
Something impersonating a Greek goddess is out to get me.
Got this strange call form someone.........
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 5
We can’t actually know for sure that we will die.
Where Did I Go Wrong?
I got a job as a Security Guard for a Morgue, but I found a list of unsettling rules........
The Devils 7 Christmas Presents - PRIDE
My town does not mourn the dead like other towns. Week one: Starvation.
My dog saved my life last night
Some Children Know When the Trees are Watching
The Dream World
Every house has one....
https://www.reddit.com/r/horrorforall/comments/iisec2/i_have_sleep_paralysis_i_never_worried_before_but/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
I bought a teddy bear at a garage sale... then I realized something
My basement has rules, and today I broke one. - FINAL
Let Me In
Wandering with my brother with but an old guitar on our weary backs, a Demon threatens to eat our souls if we don't play the best song in the world.Weird noises coming from neighbors house.
The Recovered Last Video of Peter Jameson - An Audio Transcription
My daughter has been abducted... And I can't prove it.
I was switched at birth
An Oddly Dressed Stranger and a Horrific Hotel Stay -- Hunters: Death-Touched (pt 2)
who help me register my account below give $ 1000 free?
Dream or Demon??
I just had a sleep paralysis this morning but it was so scary i tgunk it may have been a nightmare too but !
“The Woman in Room 406”
She came from the sea.
Power Cut
Ring, ring. Ring, ring.
This piece of paper is ruining my life
I’m finally beautiful. But thankfully there was a warranty.
Area 51, Zone 13, The Exorcist
I tried texting my number neighbor. Tried.
Where am I? Please give me a sign of human life. Final part
"it's not human."
Cancer has plagued my family for a long time. A strange woman just offered to cure it.
The Number Neighbor
I woke up to a freezing cold blizzard. My family and I are trapped inside our house.
Between the Cascades
Stuck.
Strange things have happened near my family cabin.
Mammys little boy
You'd never know
Every year it takes somebody
The eyes in the woods: Part 1
Gas Masks
I went hunting for the beast, and I regret it...
The Drummer Next Door
Beckworth House - Part 1
Stories from a line cook, chaos inside and out.
My paranormal experience
Would anyone like to help me interpret my nightmare?
No Wifi (short story)
Death meets his quota in the ER
Creepy old man following me at night
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 1)
I keep having this dream where Pennywise takes me to hell in a pink Cadillac. This morning I woke up unsure it was a dream.
Shoebox Telephone Gone Wrong
True Art Comes From Deep Within (a bit NSFW)
My Brother and I's Drive to Iowa
I'm a journalist. I think my job cost me my life.
Someone has been trying to kill me for a year. Now i know why
The odd thing that appeared in the sky.
Silent Thoughts
How's your day been?
Someone suggested I share my Randonaut story here
I found the charred remains of a guestbook. Each entry is more horrifying than the last.
The Valhalego
Searching for something
My baby daughter is trying to kill me.... Update
I used to sleepwalk as a kid. Sometimes the scariest things are in the most normal of places.
A cure for apathy, symphony from a monster.
They didnt stand a chance.
I saw my dad again
Nostalgia (Part 1)
There are kills with a captive bolt gun in our apartment complex (Part 1)
Annette. (Part 1)
My dog has been talking to me. And what it’s saying doesn’t sound good.(Part two)
My uncle used to own a farm. I wish I’d never set foot in that place. (Part 2)
The "Spirit Suicide" Epidemic
Can men get postpartum psychosis
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist
Voided By Infinity
Normalcy
I surprised my mother for Christmas, but she had some unexpected visitors
I think something might of tried to get in my bedroom.
What is up with the number 13? (Part 1)
I got a summer job as a video game tester. They made me sign a non disclosure agreement. But I need help!
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult...
Razor mouth
What's happening to my highschool?
I just found out what a "kelpie" is and I'm terrified
Just a random thought
Dreamweaver - How to Control Your Dreams!
The man with too many hands
Brother Ezekiel. part 1
Little warnings. Big reveal.
The Aphantasia Phantom (Part I)
Gruwelijke Ervaring Middle School: Part 1
Confession
I found these tapes about the disappearance of Torner Forest
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason. Part 4
dont be afraid of friday the 13 its the same as anyother
I worked for an organization who have a project to end the human race.
My friend's drawings are stunning, but his process will land him in prison one day (part two)
Apparently I've had a girlfriend for the past 3 years
You May See Something Imitating You In The Woods At Night
im not trying to make this scary, but can anyone help?
Haunted Grandma House
An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth Part III
The Lake View Broadcasting Station Log's Part 2
I investigated an old prison in the crypts of an ancient castle. What's down there should have been locked away forever.
Adolescent AmnesiaMy parents have been replaced
Abandoned construction near my school.
Just another sleep paralysis story
I don’t think it’s human
The pattern
There is something living in my old house
THE MAN IN THE CUP OF THE TREES
Mr.Green
Need Writers to Join My Team
Someone broke into my house when I was a kid.
The Legend Says He Was Sewn Beneath The Sheets
Google Maps gave me some really disturbing directions
Daisy and Joy
Don’t Go In The Attic
The Vanishing
Project Batto
Something has Gone Terribly Wrong Inside My House
Sugarfingers: Chapter 1
I didn't obey the rules. Now I am trapped and it's 11 PM.
Here’s a free philosophical novel on a person that suddenly becomes aware of the autonomous mental world interspersing his localities (PDF)
My Pug Laid Eggs
Congratulations, you just inherited a haunted house!
So I found this article in my local newspaper
The ritual
Greetings from the Watcher
Count
New Youtube Narration Channel for Nosleep / Scary Stories
It still watches me (part 2)
He's coming back tomorrow night...
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive.
I Left Earth to be There for Faye and Rosy Posy - Part 2/4
My Brother Has a Youtube Channel
The Doll And The Attic
There were nine..
my house
There’s an old, disfigured man living in my walls. And he’s my best friend.
They always come back-part 1
My subdivision is in lockdown, and I know why.
My Cousin is a Psychopath (True story)
Mom almost died two times while working as a janitor in a movie theater
Sometimes i can't find daddy.
Three true masturbation stories
My Side Of The Story
Fascinations to Feed the ID
WHERE IS MY DAUGTHER
My Name is Persephone, and, Apparently, Cerberus is My New Pet.
The Seventh Dream: Part One
Never trust anyone
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 5)
There is a disease spreading, and no matter your efforts, you will not survive.
New story idea
The Werewolf Hunter
Trying to lose my belly fat
Hannah
Abduction true story
The Luminorion Farmer is a mythical creature that puts magical fertilizer on farms that don't grow in winter, I recently found out what's in his fertilizer.
All I remember, is that it was wearing overalls. (Part 1)
My Friends Demon.
Cheating on my boyfriend
The Train To Nowhere
Man's Best Friend
I worked at a Theme Park called Pololi, it was strange and deadly.
I wake in a led lined walls on top of a bed and i cant remember anythng
I Fell Off A Cruise Ship
The House By Lake Erie
I Wish We didn't Have to Bury Bodies in the Pumpkin Patch
I Interviewed The World's Most Terrifying Cannibal The Night Before His Execution. I Really Wish I Hadn't.
What is the it...?
The Dream That Ripped My Life Away
Something Is Wrong With Jenny...
I’ll NEVER order from Amazon again
i thought he was dead
Im going Mad in the Mirror.
I found concerning things in my uncle's attic.. I don't know what I did wrong. Please help me.
The Smile.
Something is Living in the Walls of My Mother's Bedroom.
Every day, something comes out of the mirror to get me. It's about to succeed, so I should leak it.
Please help me beat him i can't sleep anymorePlease help me beat him i can't sleep
The Seven Rooms (Part One)
I Made My Friend A Cake and I Think I Summoned A Ghost
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell... - Part 2
My ♦|"dog"|♦ has a set of rules...very specific rules...-part 1
My son is scared of the monster under his bed.
The Unveiling (Part.1)
The Memory Experiments (Part 1 of 2)
Charlie and Kate
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - PART 4
I don't know if anyone will read this but I need help.
My brother was killed in a police shooting I still heard his voice at his funeral. Part 1
Alaskan Guide,Trapper,and Monster hunter
Strangers On The Subway
I'm here to help
Psycho Summer Camp
I see world records being broken and new world records being achieved every single day
House for sale, Living need not apply
I don't think I'm me
The Leaf
The Harpy
The library, The book, The girl ... PART 1
They
Hide from the children.
I've been hearing weird nosies in my sleep..
My grandpa's friend, a retired homicide detective, just told us what goes on in the Arizona desert
The woods family
Was I abducted/kidnapped
The kick-off
Many unnecessary steps to success. Level up!
Stay at Home Dad
Someone stalks me in my school
Something is eating your memories every night. It's my job to remind you, and I won't stop until you escape. (PART 372)
I am a professional rule breaker.
Something is Wrong with my Neighbourhood.
A Love Letter to Covid
My boss is usually great, but once a month things get a little hairy (Part 1)
Last week I got followed home and... HOLLY SHIT he had no eyes
Like Crabs in a Pot
Mr. Tom
Only Monsters Hunt at Night
Who knew lighter fluid could burn so fast?(BASED ON TURE EVENTS)
My 'Bad Dream' 24/08/19 5:20am-5:52 am
I’ve always hated cloudy days
I cannot tell my friends what I saw
I Need to Know the History of My House... But I Am Terrified PART 1
There’s a demon in my room and its out to get me!!!
I know this isn't eczema, I'm finding out tonight.
Jolly Good Friend
I’m a stalker and I got her face in her yard
Hallucinations become real..
Starving
Missing person
'The Insane Corridor' moved at night
Where did everybody go?
Haunted Kays Cross, Utah Story
Jimmy John's Final Order
"Soulmates" Part II
a true escape.
Please don’t drink to many caffeinated drinks.
The Satanists were kinda right....
I sucked a penis and it started to cum
I had my second instance of sleep paralisis. I need answers.
C:\Users\2ndLt_Kelsey\Datalogs\Exploration_Logs\Wrangell-St_Elias\log1.log
I’m a Scientist Stationed in Antarctica And I found something that could threaten the World itself
I'm a nurse. There's something terribly wrong with my patient's X-ray.
My daughter's art may have a life of its own
Weekly Creep Podcast looking for your stories!!!
Dear Harper, It's me.
Soldiers beast encounter in Vietnam - True Story
This morning I was a boy but tonight I am a man.
Notations On The Lost Gospel of The Mother
My Table Bit My Toes
I heard screaming from the woods... ( COMPLETE PART 1 )
I do not celebrate Halloween
All claims must be satisfied by end of day
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media : Money for Nothing
Something Lives In The Woods By My Father's Private Cabin
Spiderdance (Part 1)
My girlfriend has picked up dancing during the lockdown. I don't know what to do.
My Lover Broke my heart. Now I've broken his.
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong : The Beginning
My Baby
The Horns from Hell (Final)
The hauntings of Miskatonic University By AdelSalim01
The Littlest Penguin - Creepypasta
My home is haunted (part 1)
The Oblivian Motel
There's something wrong with my Doctor...and with me.
The previous tenant left a survival guide. The flat isn’t new anymore and I need a better guide.
I have a condition that influences electronics, but my condition is often deadly
I work for an Odd Company (Pt. 1)
Retrograde Amnesia
I Bought a Glass Eye Off of the Dark Web... I Can Now See Things... I See Things No Human Being Should Ever See.
Don’t do things to others that you don’t want happening to you.
I inherited my granfather's house and it has weird rules (part 1)
I’m a Lawyer and my client killed their whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence. Part 2
What The Hell Is This Thing?
I'm here to share the most scared I've ever been.
My favorite YouTube channel keeps vanishing. It's called Terrible Tom's Primal Goat Fest.
Mess With My pens I will find you
Daddy And I Love Shooting Games
i was used as a satanic figure , I'm writing this while i still can.
Streetlamps
I'm an Illusionist by trade, My Days of Freedom Are Over
Ring around the rosies
A Calm Night
The Decimation of Mankind
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 13)
I found a human tooth in my pocket. I don't know how it got there. Part Two.
I don't explore abandoned properties anymore
The Casimir Backpack
My Best Friend Is Possesed
Creepy Audiostory
Under the Electric Sun
Something in the Prodigy Park Took my Friend– And Left Her Teeth Behind
The Crashing of Glass
Escape Plan
I work as a taxi driver for the dead
I Worked As A Health Inspector At McDonalds I Regret It.
God is Not Dead, He is my Daughter
Vet techs see some weird stuff (finale)
There’s Something in Pine Cove (Part 2)
I dreamed last night.
I Catfish a Different Girl Each Night
Hey there. Wrote a short story about a haunting at the Wineville Chicken Coop Murder House. Please enjoy.
A botched summons...
I know what insomnia can do and it's unlike anything I have ever seen before.
Megaphone woman at 2am
The Drowned
Is it normal for blood to come out of my AC?
I'm hungry, Caroline!Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 14)
Can't You Hear the Sirens?
The moon keeps disappearing.
I'm Playing A Virtual Reality Game
Why I stopped going to bars, especially when it is a new moon night
Once Gogglebox rolls the credits, turn your TV off immediately.
the royal blue letter {part one}
I fell from a tree
I was visited by a demon in a dream last night.
I’m Myra Kindle but this is Not a Report. This is about the Man in my Dreams and my return to Buffalo, NY.
Reddit user /u/_demetri_ posts a horror short story prompted by /r/TwoSentenceHorror
I am stuck in 1998
Horrors of India...
20% { part ones cuz I am lazy }
The Annabelle doll in my closet
I might be a werewolf
Something has escaped
The Scar on My Forehead
Room 1515: A search for an inception
Mouthborn
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. We've gone to the one place she told us to never come near, and now we're trapped.
AITA for not cooking for my husband anymore due to his constant complaints about my meals?
The Witness Box
The Satanic Church invited me to the "Mephistopheles Trial" - now I need your help to pass the admission test and get rich
I started working in overnight security and now I'm locked in a room
Why I don't visit Russia anymore
Every year, my town gives one of its citizens superpowers.
The Urban Decay
I found a notebook in an abandoned shed in the woods while camping. What it said is deeply disturbing. Part 2
not feeling safe in school
I Was Abducted At A Young Age
My name is Arthur Bromley, and from 1986 to 1989, I was a journalist for the Taranaki Tribune.
It's in the early hours of the morning that we see them
Missing child... Found?
The serial killer in my town moves the bodies to spite our tradition.
My Dog had Died, but She Brought Him Back...
The Human The Monsters Fear
You don't die of old age (Part 1)
The Nursing Continues: The Doctor's In
Into the Trees Pt3: Just Follow Your Eyes
A Desire for Simpler Times
Night at the Bunny Ranch
P.A.N.E.  My Fucked Up Inheritance.
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free-- If You Ever Meet Him, SAY NO!
Papswall
Nothing shocks me, I’m a scientist
Creepy Crawlies in the night
I think I found my best friend’s kidnapper on TikTok (Part 1)
How To Survive The Afterlife
It was the perfect honeymoon until it wasn't, Torres del Paine National Park, Chile
Stay in your god damn reality.
If I Ever Believed in Logic, That Belief is Gone
Solitary Pocket Shelba
Link (Part 1)
The Raid Part II
Ghost Circles, and the mysterious case at Millar's farm
I heard a random gunshot outside,but nobody's around
I hired a hitman to kill my stepdaughter.
I'm on board Malaysian flight 370 and need help.
The Parkour Phenomenon
I used to walk the Earth offering eternal happiness. It was a mistake.
Why I can't go to camp anymore
They are Back.
There's A New Drug In Town. Part 5.
My Grandmother worked for NASA. Space Should Remain Unexplored. FINAL PART
The life pods
I hate being awake
Fucking pussies, checkout r/awkwardresponses dweebs
I'm pregnant but my baby isn't here (Part 3) (Final)
The quiet kid that sits at the back of the class.
Not a cloud
Am I in the wrong for standing up to my mom?
Suburban Hell: PT 1
A Strange Desert Where The Sandstorms Are Acidic
Our Boss Was An idiot
The Horror at the Cabin
has this happened to anyone else? (i'm legit confused)
I discovered a Civil War veteran's last written note. It's the most disturbing thing I've read. Final part.
The chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - That time I had to play Poker for my soul
Do not open the DREAM BOX
I don't need to be here.
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 20th (FINALE)An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 20th
Error #7134
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted
This list of English sentences to translate to french gives off weird vibes.
Pay Attention To Your Uber Part 1
My school lockdown isn’t a drill.
They are always watching
Ms. Parkinson's Pies
I am pretty sure the previous owner of our flat doesn't like me
Three wishes
The Boy In My Vent (Part 2)
Observer (Part 8)
I work at a nursery. A group of children won't leave the bathroom. PART 1/3
Dope Demons
It's definitely not leeches in the lake
The Beast of the Barren Lakes: An Unexplained News Story that Nobody Wants to Publish...Part 5/6
I was part of a reality survival based tv show. The footage will never air. Part 3. Final.
Room 221: Unicode FINAL
Sometimes I Can't Control Myself
Your nonexistent regret
Playing Hide and Seek with a Furry Monster
My daughter finally came back, as a ghost...
I Need Help, My World Is Becoming... Censored...?
The Forest terror
I'm Trapped in the Security Room at Work-Day 2
Georgie porgie pudding and pie kissed all the girls and sucked out their insides
In The Rain
Strange changes- friend or foe?
We seen a creepy man in the woods
1
The Red Man is real and I’m going to Stop Him (Part 1)
Steven had a unique way of passing on his genes
"Marigold"
Those in power should heed this warning.
EvidenceOfTheMachine.wav (Finale)
My Therapist is AMAZING
Thoughts of girlfriend after 9 months, straight out of my sleep
I Can See People's Auras, and so I Can See Evil People.
The Fat Matias.
Halloween is coming up! Write a scary story in less than 200 Words
We called it "the deer human" for years....
They're in the water
I finally figured out what what my job is and it pays great.
Four creepy men outside of my apartment exhibiting inexplicable behavior
Five minutes until midnight
This entire story was made by AI, so it might not make 100% sense
Post Malone
The shadow consumes at wit's end
Ashwood Forest has legends. The Mailbox is one of them.
In the right kind of light.
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and You Need to Listen
Can you help?
Memories.
He Was a Nice Man
My friend recently committed suicide and I found these chat logs with a bot on his computer
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Ignoring Rule #5 and being a raging dumbass almost got me killed. Like, more than usual
I fell in love with death
This is creepy af
Foraging for mushrooms is fun. But I really fucked up this time.
The Shifting Song
Somethings not right about where I live and I'm not sure im safe
I Spoke to the Devil in the Woods.
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 2)
I almost got eaten by a four legged monster
Childfree, because I've never had a demon growing inside of me
Orang sebelah - The half man
The Dancing Man in the Alley
Unmasking
When I lived in Pakistan I tried summoning the Jack-o-Mantern. I regret it every single day.
Hear It's Cries part 1
There's a Haunted House in my Town... I Learned Too Much (Finale)
Groundhog Day
BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY
Someone Has Been Trying To Kill me for a year. Now I know why. (Part 2)
Animal Crematorium
I stalk celebrities, and there's no way my latest obsession is human
Diets May Never Work
-... . . / -- --- ...- .. . / ... -.-. .-. .. .--. -
Spooning Part 2
-Don't- Scratch the Itch
Leg lengthening surgery interview
My guardian angel is a demon.
My Creative Writing Major Friend Keeps Sending Me His "Work," But I'm Starting To Think It Isn't Fiction
They told me to talk to my therapy doll. They never said what to do if she talked back.
The Birthday Curse
I received a letter from my great-grandfather
The green lake series: HOMECOMING
The man outside
Friday Night
My friend has been sending me some really weird emails...
I am Deaths keeper.
Bleeding Sun
if you come home to your bedroom door closed, GET OUT
This is 100% true, and I still can’t believe it really happened. NSFL
A Girl and her Marble Eyes
I Think I’m a “Goatman”
The day my world ended
There's something in the mirror.
Ava
My School is Ritually Sacrificing The Students: Good and Evil
My deep web knowledge
Transcripts of the Creepy: Andie Sanchez; Don’t touch the Ghost Flowers
The Covid-19 Demon
Six rules to survive the engine room night shift. (part 2)
I'm alone in an empty train station
Operation AQUIFER
The Burned Photo
Every year the same mall Santa tells me the day I’m going to die – December 20
Childhood Nightmare
White-Out Knight
India vs South Africa Live Match 8 |RSA vs IND Live Stream| ICC Cricket World Cup 2019
One day I looked at the mirror and saw someone I thought I’d never see again.
You don't wanna know.
Degrees of Separation
The room in the attic.
I am afraid I might be under a Laplace's demon effect
I'm Just Lucky
Donovan Knew Too Much
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Six)
Never go to the youtube channel FrySkes Clogs
(Part 3) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. The trees have eyes but he has no mouth.
There is a sea monster that lives near the Gulf of Mexico (Final)
People Have Been Disappearing
We looked for a dead hillbilly’s money
Death Wears CarnationsNo one will believe me when I say this but there's a ghost that lives in my bedroom's closet.
My house is haunted and the demon wont let me leave
How to Survive Camping: Rule #15 - the lady with extra eyes
Made a short film based on a story from this subreddit!
People keep disappearing.
A Cat Called Basket
The Miller House
Trip of a Lifetime (Part I)
My husband and I own a murder mystery company. The problem is that the actors keep disappearing.
The Sunlit Threshold
My best friend and I found a strange corpse in the forest (Part 1)
The Things that come at night...
Stillborn
The Encounters of Fake Reality: Part 1
Somebody Has Been Knocking On My Door
During flight, a mysterious travel app appeared on my phone.
The Hundred Eyed God: My mean stepdaughter &amp; my eldritch workout
I found your guide James
Why I don't sleep when I'm home alone
Crossover
There's something wrong with my house, it doesn't let me do what I want.
My Girl
Fellwood Creek -The happiest camp in the country.
My wife has this unfamiliar girl over at her house.
Ideas. (crowmdsourcing)
Buddy, The Ugly Gingerbread Boy
I stayed at a lake house in winter while hunting with friends there were some creepy rules
I haven't slept for a while, I... just can't.
I’m so afraid
Drywall
Something About Mary
Former Paramedic on the 7th busiest ambulance in the nation, turned Police Officer, here to share my most bizzare/unexplainable/paranormal calls
CONFESS YOUR SINS
No Sleep is a trap! And we are all falling for it...
i am a mother with no children
I Took My Sister To A Cabin In The Middle of Winter
I went on a disturbing trip to Cologne..
Stranger in my house
The Vatican conducted illegal human experiments during WWII, but only the Pope has access to the files. Until now. (Part two)
DO NOT SLEEP. Pt 1, the return home
Don't think of it, don't imagine it.
It worked, but I wish it didn't.
who opened the door?
My wife and I did a Freaky Friday switcheroo. Now she's gone and I really want my old body back.
If a store's anti theft alarm went off on a deaf person, would they have any other way of knowing to stop?
My false awakening story
Do Me A Favor; Beware The Harpies of Heslmoth
I listened to Marcy Playground.
My Dead Father Was Outside My Bedroom Window. He Wanted Me To Walk into The Woods
The Night I Dreamt Of A Black Kite
Kumori no Ann: The story of a Shadow
No one ever liked my neighbor Ricky, surely he will not be missed.......
Whitemallace
I took up a job I shouldn't have. Now I can't quit
Creepy experience
A transcription of everything I saw when I peeked through my neighbor’s garage window on my way home yesterday
The System is not your friend.
I woke up with a gremlin in my bed. It had babies. Now, they're overtaking my house, and I don't know what to do with them.
I CAN'T FIND MY PARENTS ANYWHERE!
A Matter of Time
A dark cloud in the Sky (Part 1)
#Comeandplay Part 1
I'm Not A Serial Killer I Swear (part 2)
Alone, but no alone
Childs toy
‘Twas the Last Night Before Christmas our Prayers did not Ascend
I work on a fishing trawler in the North Atlantic. We reeled something aboard in the net that I’ve never seen before on this Earth.
PAY BACK
"CAPTUM EXCEDIT INTELLECTUM HOMINAE"
I was kidnapped by something not entirely human
911, what's your emergency?
How To Break A Man
My daughter has a notebook full of names: Cutting the cord.
The isolation
We open weird portals to the Underworld and pull the Damned out for cash
(Butterfly Effect) A maple tree, childhood memories and my film ambitions lead me to watching a plane crash. A couple's faith, and a last minute decision, saved them from it.
The void haunts me
They’ll come for us...right?
She cried for 3 hours
||The Shadow|| Atlas files {Part 1}
My name is Ambrose Church. "Fireman Joe" helped me uncover my past and get revenge.
My first ever story posted here, be gentle :)
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (part 2)
The Fog
There's Something Wrong With My Grandmother
I used to hear voices
OLÉ OLÉ OLÉ OLÉ OLÉ
A Paranormal Experience from my childhood
The Big Momma movies are haunted
My best friend is obsessed with me. She was a "yandere" her whole life.
The Dancing Man??
Catching Up With an Old Friend
It's my first story, probably not that good.
Case 3964: The Blackgate Incident (PART 2)
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
My new book
I think I died
Find it before it finds you (part 1)
The Last Dream
I’ve found myself in “This person does not exist”
My Teacher is Rude
One and the same
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado?
*monologue, before the actual story/list* Steps of torture. He’s 14. He was my bully in 5th grade. Now I have control over him, finally.
Learn the rules before you play
Christine's Demon- The Evil Things
One more day:I left for work yesterday, now I'm trapped in my car. (Part 2)
My name is Helena and I’m a bitch
I took care of Satan's baby for six years
Something’s trying to communicate (update)
Watermelon Head
Real horror story !
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There
A Partridge in a Pear Tree - Day One - Mystery in Angel Hills
Cockroaches
My Reflection Came Out of The Mirror, She Then Changed My Life Forever.
Demon (part 2) (Sequel to “I Think I’m a Demon and My cats are, too”)
I Work for the United States Census Bureau; Someone Ran Their Mouth
I am finally ready to share what REALLY happened to my family when I was 7 years old. I have already called and reported it all to the police, and now I am sitting here waiting for them to show up at my door.
The Shadows In My Yard
I just finished listening to The Whistlers and...wow. Just wow
Don't Look Outside The Window...
I work for a ghostwriting agency in NYC, and I am terrified of our latest client.
The clicking from the fridge
Theres something at the bottom of my stairs. It's taking everything I have to not look at it.
Shadow in the White Room
How to Survive Camping - Rule #13: the last rule
Me and My Sister Were Saved By A Witch Made Of Two Children
My Paranormal Activity
The foxes sounded different last night.
It was just a dream, not real right? No connections to real life, right? Yeah, I'm completely safe. Definitely.
Case File 446-A (ENTRY 2)
The door ep.1
The Mickey Mouse Madhouse: Pt. 1
I’m being haunted by my friend, and he won't stop smiling.
My Diabolical Self | Part 5: The Urge
405 - 11pm
Just an Ordinary Man... (Part 2)
Thrill Kill
I found a cursed album on the dark web. TRACK 1 taught me that the screams of the damned can be beautiful.
The Drowned Boy
Night watchesI got an emergency train out of Paris to escape the pandemic. I'm the only one on it and things are getting weird.
Healing Fragile Minds: Major Depressive Disorder
Poop Monster! Yes, I’m serious!
I'm A Manager at a Chuck E Cheese Restaurant (Part 8)
I work as a medical examiner. I just found a usb drive inside a body.
I explored an old corral and what I saw scares me
Lady of the lake
To check something
fell in love with a criminal
Just wanted to lay down
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 16) FINAL
Working at an amusement park: I hitched a ride on the Stagecoach today
Fresh...
I'm going to get killed by a cult
I bought a VHS Tape
The Dreadful Scent
I had a bizarre dream.
Dive #1
Lucid, oh so lucid dreams
Super short but I need help!
The Crows Know
I was assigned a search and rescue mission. Something isn’t right.Part 1
....
Father's Instincts
The Hall
I’m in an alternate dimension and can’t get out- here’s why
The True Horror Movie Experience. Part Four.
I think my Husband is starving me to death
My Guardian Angel Kills for Me
Has anyone ever seen this?
Do not use the elevators
More stories from Death (Pt. 2 of The Death Saga)
The Top of The World
If you see a creature coming down your chimney, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
DON’T open your door
This is a warning from 2064
Discord shadow
The white chapel in the field
He was Mine, and I was His.
I'm an Illusionist by trade, I should not have cast Real Magic (Part 1)
I'm scared for my "sweet 16" - part 2
My daughter has a new friend that I cannot meet
How wondering “what if” changed my life
نداء الوطن - تركيا تتحدى مصر في ليبيا
there not real right
A recurring nightmare.
We Traveled Into the Amazon Rainforest. We Discovered Something Truly Evil.
"Did you see me at the burial?"
A Man Keep Appearing to me Everywhere. I Wish I Dont Piss Him Off
I hate horror games but I am addicted to them. Jumpscares, scarefaces, scared I love those!!!!!!!!!!
Ellie Grace Will Take Your Place Pt. 1
My name is Jake Adams, and I'm stuck on the moon.
Father, I Killed a Child
I work at an abnormal cafe pt3
It will find me
i went into the woods on a search and rescue mission. what i encountered was not human
Wake Me Up &amp; Make The Nightmares End! By Brett Harper
Holes
A story that has haunted me since i heard it as a child.
I hear a song on a college campus and I don't know where it's coming from
It's Just a Kid's Imagination...Right
Cleanup Protocol
The witch(chudail) was standing in the corner of the room and was counting something.
There are some monsters out there that are better off not being known
I think I’m trapped in a nightmare and I don’t know how to wake up this time.
I was visited by the Dab Tsog(Night Hag).
A Man in Computer
earn approx 2,520 to 24,120 in 1 hour without investment
I was almost kidnapped 4 hours away from home.
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside
People always say "the truth is out there", and I guess I'm a believer.
The End is Always Near - You'll never have to sleep again!
The Pit (part 3)
My Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and I Screwed Up
I reported a missing case!
We learned to travel between the universes. We should have been more watchful of what was out there.
Cổng xếp Hàng rào inox tự động lắp tại Bình định- quy nhơn
The Pandemic
Hurry To win $500 Visa Gift Card with us
Screams In The Night
I saw the bothersome man again. This time, he had skin.
Can't get scared anymore from anything ?
My mother disappeared some weeks ago.
Spongebob Squarepants S4E39: The Krusty Krab
I went shopping online and accidentally bought something I was never meant to see
a long 4 years
I work in a nursing home. Something strange is happening to the residents...
Home alone.
The Hag's Reflection
My job is watching a woman trapped in a room. Final Part.
The silent voices that surround us all
My best friend and I found a strange corpse in the forest (Part 3)
porcelain woman (updated version)
Strange Man In My Dreams Becoming Real
So I started to work as a Night guard At a Mechanical Factory And There are some Strange Rules I have to follow
My Brother ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is What Happened to his Organs
My younger sister is going through a very disturbing phase
Does It Hurt to Die?
Life on Casa Mountain
I’m going crazy. I’m being watched.
I’ve been waking up at 2 am everydayI think I'm from an alternate reality.
I've Woken Up In A Hospital - Part Two
instructions for delivering a package
The Green Man
Somebody tried to kill me when I was young. A monster saved my life.
I regret ever taking LSD
I have more than 1 person living in my body
🇺🇸 🔞🔌💊 💯 🇬🇧. 🇹🇨. 🇪🇺. 🇨🇦 Medical marijuana store🔥🏝️📌 worldwide distribution🔥🔥🔥weed, coke, LSD, DMT, 💊💊💊💉🚬 Shrooms,edibles, cocaine, pills etc all available. Hit me on: Kik ID: 73sct Wickr me: Scottshawn Snapchat: scott_shawn20
The Leaves in this town are Cursed
I have an eye condition that makes my life a living hell
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon Wildfires Part III Conclusion
D.B. Cooper - What Really Happened? Tales From Your Local Time Traveler
There is a gorilla in the 23rd Street subway station in the Flatiron District of Manhattan
I found a machine at the bottom of the lake
The Dark End of the Street
Beneath the Golden Pine
I visited a future teller, now I wish I didn't.
An Ouija Story
This
Puppy
I Drive When I'm Upset
I thought they were trash bags stuck in the trees.
Tales from the Diner - Chris's Story - The Girlfriend and Grim Reaper Encounter
Bulbloom Mall's basement escalator
Staining Blood
Need help identifying some weird plants I inherited when my mom died. Advice Wanted!
Call and visit this place
I HUNT REVERSE WEREWOLVES
The Narrow Hallway.
My dads last story to me before his death
There could be only one of us
The Ultraviolence. (chapter 1: the Sun god)
I’ve been working at a strange daycare for a while now. Here are my stories.
There is a man. A man that lives in the corner of our eyes.
mystery
Why my family moved from my old house.
Not Saf Fur Werk
The blare witch 2nd time
I might not be much different than a pedophile or rapist...
Possible wendigo encounter?
I have a Greek god who follows me everywhere. He says he was rejected from the pantheon.
Was told I should post my comment in the Uber sub here (true story happened a few nights ago)
A Gift from Angels
What if the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that the Bible was the word of god (Part 2 The Son)
I Just Got A Job At A Hotel! Part 3
I am trapped in my shed and I do not have time to spare.
Cedar Springs - A Paradise in Hell
A Crooked smile
Closet to Another Dimension.
I still have nightmares of a substitute teacher from Fifth Grade
THE STORM
I can see the stars during the day.
It just not fair.
It Burns
A Christmas tree
The Girl Who Haunts The Apartment
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. Part 4 of 4.
Chaos Theory
Was it ever a good sign to wake up gasping?
I just stepped on a scorpion.
How I Escaped Death(Part 2)
Pagpag.
I keep seeing at night. (Part 1)
I am not feeling easy great about the new year. My nightmares are starting to affect my mental health.
I administered lethal injections for the state. This is the man who made me quit.
The Lights (part one)
An Accident Left Me With X-Ray Vision and I've Seen Something That Is Not Human
Seven Signs of a Psychopath (4)
Sailors Superstitions
I think my house is inhabited by demons.
Children of the Forest
My wife is somehow alive
The Highway
The government wants to observe the sleep patterns of everyone in my family. I'm next.
My Friend/Roommate Was Afraid &amp; Told Her Former Pimp That I Was Her Fiancé
Hanging Out
DO NOT OPEN, DO NOT OPEN, DO NOT OPEN, DO NOT OPEN, DO NOT OPEN
None of us can leave work. My coworkers don't seem to mind, and there is definitely something wrong with them.
My Favorite Streamer Has Started Playing Some Seriously Disturbing Games...
can somebody buy my bEANS
As a little girl I met a friend, and sometimes forever means just that.
6423 Salt st.
The Rain Fell a Bit Heavier That Day
Haunted Building at Girlfriend's College
All I want is for you to believe
Am I the asshole? (relationship advice)
My last time playing online video games (PART 2)
Deep Dark Space
This Most Curious of Curiosities
Don’t stop at a highway side sex shop in the rural Midwest
What if the skin receded after your hair
Daisy's flowers
The Halloween That I Was Almost Kidnapped
I Met a Strange Girl at an Estate Sale
(French post ) j'ai vue quelque chose
The monster at 3
Sleepless night (true story)
I keep hearing my dead brother
Haunted people of reddit what is the scariest thing to happen to you before falling asleep.
I found this weird video.
I love my daddy.
Spiritual Warfare in Philadelphia
Site 18-79
I'm a private detective and I've been sent to investigate the mysterious disappearances of children in a nearby town
I found an unmarked letter in my mailbox
What Was Living In His Jaw? (Part II)
My corporation actually cares about us. Unless we ignore the teddy bear.
Solitide
I found a secret door that keeps vanishing
How to Survive Camping: when land becomes ancient
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Part V: The Ghosts Arrive
It happened 10 years ago in high school
I woke up as a different person.
Most know me as the street performer, my enemies know me as a Mythic Hunter...
I moved into Mansfield Manor last Wednesday, middle finger raised. Now it’s Monday, and I regret ignoring my neighbors’ warnings.
My ex-girlfriend thought I was her good luck charm
I've called my dead grandfather's number
My girlfriend started the KonMari method of tidying up. She's starting to freak me out
Scary Story Society Introduction
I killed the woman from the Elevator Game. Now I'm in another world that wants me dead.
If you ever visit India, do as I tell you (Part 2)
I found a video on my phone of my family that I didn’t take, I don’t know what to do!
He told me to....
I don't think these stairs end.
FINAL UPDATE: My friend's arm was stuck inside a wall.
The Z virus. Part 1.
Nightmare Stress
I WAS BORN TO DIE
AK or M16? (PART 1)
I'm a priest and I love my job
I'm cursed and can't control that I jump to different dimensions. (Part 1)
I keep hearing a weird scratching under my floorboards, and it’s either a rat or something much weirder.
The war?
The Black Hound in Afghanistan.
Dead In The Dark: I Saw A Snuff Film On Youtube
My Haunted House...
"Use Kik!" I told myself...
Raised By Doves
UNDER THE WAVES
Time stopped, but I forgot to notice.
Still As a Bird
Today I Summoned the Devil.
Don't Live Beyond your Means and Don’t Forget your Jelly Beans
I'm spitting out teeth that aren't mine
My Dad and I live in a really weird hospital. I'm not even sick.
The Machine (The Privacy Policy)
Why I’m scared to go on a bike ride
The Shadow Walker
Dogs
I’ve been watching true crime make-up tutorials, and something weird’s keeps happening
I am a teenage cart narc, but today I learned never to call middle-aged women boomers.
The Forgotton Shadows: Oblivion
Black Swirly Thing
She wanted to communicate through the oija board. Part 2
As a therapist I’m used to patients who don’t understand boundaries, but the latest doesn’t even understand humans.
I think there's something wrong with this camera.
How I became a walking dead
My name is Jeremy Eastside. My daughter was kidnapped 20 years ago. She came back today.
Dream visitor from my childhood has returned
I found out my girlfriend's dark secret
My mother is from Romania
I thought my ex-boyfriend was a good luck charm.
I'm Being Hunted By a Biological Weapon (PART ONE)
Songbird
Deep Water
All-Nighter
If anyone is listening, please help me!
A little girl is always in my photographs
Moving Shapes
I spent seven days on North Sentinel Island, and I lived to tell the tale. (Part 2)
10 years ago,while evacuating victims of a plane crash,something were trying to kill us all
I worked for a construction company in the early ‘90s. We found something. (Part 2)
The Wreck
A lucid dream?
I found some banned video games that were never meant to be found, what i found in the games scared me for life.
My brother was scared of his room and Now I see why.
Why would anyone be afraid of foxes?
True story of the cracked faces.
Fortune Teller
I think I may be the last person on earth
My snot has been turning into black sludge. And it’s slowly taking over the other fluids in my body it seems.
I am nothing.
My first supernatural experience.
I accidentally clicked on a spam ad on the internet, now my entire apartment complex is destroyed.
I joined ROTC in university, and I've regretted it ever since.
I’m A Detective And I Think I Might Be Tracking A Vampire. I’m Not Sure I Want To Find Him.
How to See (Part 1)
Twice
My little sister's drawings are coming to life {Part 1}
I work at an underground zoo for cryptids (pt 2)
It wasn't a Reindeer
Another Day, Another Shift, Another Set of Guidelines (Fiction)
Never trust where your heart tries to lead you..
I Just Got A Job At A Hotel! Part 2
Coal Country and What Lies Below
He almost got me, I can’t believe I slipped up this badly
Walking Without Light - Part 1
If you think about it, the idea homonymous was invented because two people couldn’t agree on the same meaning of the same word
Story 2: Advanced Bravery and Sacifice
I know what really happened to my dad
Weird stuff in my uncle's notebook
The Disappearance of Ida Harding Part 2
My childhood best friend was part of a horrifying experiment, and it changed his life as well as mine.
From the Papers of Dr. Millicent Rossi, Arkham, Massachusetts
The Night Creature
I Think I’ll Skip Next Year’s 4th of July Celebration at Brighter Futures
There's Something Wrong With the Deer in Northern Minnesota
What I Really Meant When I Told My Husband ‘I Went Out Last Night’
I found a phone and I was told to do this
The living dark
First post, only post
Hide And Seek For The Blind
I woke up to utter void, and a dirt road.
Eisen Wolfen Tunnel
The Wooden Door
I don't want to see the red lights anymore.
Never eat during the commercial breaks
Got a job at a candy store, that might offer...something more (Part 1)
We play Capture the Flag Differently here at the Eden Retreat
I Took a trip to New York… Now I need to go back
Camp Weelo (Part 1): 1963 Was A Good Year
The Hateful Eyes In My Mirror
I don’t enjoy the sounds of laughter anymore. (One)
The Man in the Brown Coat
Operation bluestar June 1st to june 10th story credits:1984tribute.com
Frame - The White Cat
Post No.26762178 on 4chan's /k/ board
The Staircase
My father is the reason you have déjà vu
The beginning (Part 1)
The last journal entry from an Elderhearthian Hunter, Thalien Rhubard
My randonautica experience...
My dead brothers note
Haunted buildings had the best scrap metal. Here's why. (Part 2)
Non-Existence
Last Stop
I probably had a rapist for a cab driver last night. I lived to tell the tale.
I am being sent transmissions from an unknown source (pt 1)
I Have Always Been a Monster
The Glass Cage (Part 1/4)
The man on the midnight flight.
The Black Painting
December 2020 voting thread
I’m a paramedic, and I’m writing this from my room in the psychiatric hospital I used to bring patients to. Please hear me out: there’s something wrong with the old Beamish Ambulance Station.
God I sometimes hate homemade food
My Secret Camp: The hunt.
I am the Guardian
It’s Tough Dating A Serial Killer
Looking for info about an event
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in... (Finale)
These dreams we are having
My cat usually says goodnight, where is she? It's been two days.
The youth of beyonder hill :original horror story:
The yellow world
This isn't a usual nosleep story, just an experience I had whilst in a psych ward.
Incongruent
Something scary happened
I'm the missing girl you might have read about.Proxy 11 (Entry 3)
Truck drivers Story
I fell asleep in class and woke up surrounded by strangers.
I'm Writing this from my Basement Ceiling
That isn't my sister
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 9)
I'm a detective, and something's stealing corpses.
My best friend turned into a scarecrow.
/r no sleep I'm scared for my "sweet 16"
They, part II
The hand on my window, part 1
Holding On
The Last Customer
My wife was acting weird and I finally found out why.
Why Im Haunted
The four ghosts of your childhood.
If You See Rolie Polie Olie Playing On Channel 396 Dont Watch It
I lived next to a forest of legend. The willow has . . . a voice.
"Her DNA is splattered all over the train, yet Sandy had never even known the place."
My worst fear has just come true.
Room 545: A Vampires Lullaby (Pt 1)
Page 1
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right
A Catholic priest murdered my wife and son, but I refuse to reveal his identity to the police. (FINALE)
‘The Healer.’
I've never hurt anyone, except for you.
Never trust Ronald McDonald
I think I Married Satan (part two)
im a werewolf {part 1}
Submechanophobia
Bed Time
Screams of the night
Be careful when going through a gate, something lies between them.
I found a secret room in my house. I’m pretty sure it was built for something evil.
My father saw something in the desert
What the fuck happened to r/nosleep?
Why I have Stopped Doing Social Service
I'm a manager of a Chuck E Cheese resteraunt (FINALE)
Mason's End
When I Close My Eyes...
Siege of California
Hey creepy girl go
I Almost Adopted a New Dog Named Sunny
Becoming.
Houska Castle
There is Something Terrifying Under the Floorboards of my Apartment
First Night Out
I wish I could walk.
Hearing a sound I thought to be my dog, no idea what it was until this day.
My best friend is a psychopath since getting Call of Duty Ghosts
If you find this necklace Don't put it on, If you do you'll Regret it
My  hasn't spoken to me after a petty fight. How can we work through this issue?
I think I'm still me. Not completely sure
That One Time My Friend Sent Me to Work at a Hell Factory
What is it like to be someone else for a day
We found a message in a bottle and almost died
June 2020 contest nominations
Take out your AirPods immediately. Soon you won't be able to.
Spaulding Clinical is doing bad things to people, and I have the reports to prove it.
I got a job at a secret government facility, I think I'm having second thoughts.
World Wide Cannibalism: An Experiment.
Its neck is just too long (PART TWO)
I got possesed in my dreams.
Is this Adulting?
My friend and I track down Asia's unknown and keep them in check
The Wishing Tree
Catholic Mass (Part One)
Backwater Nightmare
I found a locked up man in a basement
Taken
Walking toward naked women in the rain isn't a good idea
SICK pt 1
i am a former NASA astronaut and i know a lot more then i should. 2
the wait.
I am the terror in your stories and this is why - Wendigo
Camp Oyo
The time the kid I babysat was possessed
Am I wrong to leave my husband?
That Night - A Mysterious Ghost Story
15:03 to Brussels
Next Door pt1
It’s beautiful...
I live in this boy's mind and his crush is just like the person I used to love!
The Skin Men (Part 1 of 3)
Deaths number (Door 105)
Rocky's Ride
I worked a night shift as a security gaurd in a mall. There was a strange set of rules.
My friend Esme (Part 1)
Apocalypse
Sí soy peculiar
Barstool Bonding
I'm losing it
chimes from the dead
If You Have the Chance to Rewrite the Past, Don't Take It.
My mother spent her life crying wolf, and it killed her horribly (Final)
NOW I get why my wife left me, of course
Ridcorps
Its getting bad again
The sad girl and the tall man
Urgent Message
Wire uot of my head
Scary stories based on rules were my favorite. Part 1
“T-that’s not my son.”
I stayed at the new luxury hotel with my best friend, but on our very first night, I was given a set of rules that instructed me on how to stay alive. (part 3)
I found a door. P2
‘Sweeten the deal’
Chimney Rot - An Orphan's Confession
I found a mysterious box. I never thought opening it would change my life forever.
Little Bird, Little Bird Part 1
Beyond Belief has Brought them Out, and Now they’re Coming for Me
i dont have time excuse my spelling
My grandfather spoke dozens of languages. His final words were a warning in a language no-one’s heard of.
Don’t hide, Run.
Our dreams are memories from a past life
I went on a walk and now I’m in a different dimension.
Could I Have Done Something?
The Closet Is Dangerous
Emotionless
San Francisco - Heart 💖of the Bity
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about Sunday morning...
Furieux
The Limping Woman
It’s been three days since I started to see colours. It was the worst mistake of my life.
The Dead REALLY Do Not Like Being Disturbed.
I Got A Set Of Strange Rules At My Job As A Morgue Night Guard - Part 1
The Lake of Requiem
My 4 year old says he has an imaginary friend.
An island best left alone
The Hellbox (Crimson Files #1)
Don’t trust the paintings in your home. They may be dangerous.
I Found Something Odd in my Great-Grandmother’s Attic
People can hear things around me that I can't, but they're not the ones who are insane
A cursed called 'Yesterday Was Better'
Possible YouTube Channel
Emily just wanted to play
.Son of Agamemnon. Riddle Two - You have 48 hours
To who every copyrighted Miniladds channel
I heard this short story when I was younger and it haunts me. I'm not sure if this totally abides by Rule 1, but I feel that this is the best place for it.
An Incident at Bedside Manor (Part 10)
I'm a Search and Rescue officer for a US National Park/Forest Service, something strange is going on.
On my Red way to BarstowBrain: You cant just stay up all night and get no sleep!
The Murderous Circus
My friend just gave birth to twins. There is nothing normal about them.
She Ain't Heavy, She's My Sister
The Man with the Two Lines
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
The Birds are Organizing
A fly on her finger
some ones here
Ok this is a stupid question I’m new.
'Twas the night before Christmas
My Friends and I Discovered a Corpse... and now She won't Leave Us Alone

If You See a Speed Limit Sign Reading 67 MPH, Follow This Rule of the Road
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told
i hear 3 knocks every night at 3 am and it wont stop
I didn't know women could scream that loud.
My sisters and I went to an all girls Catholic school in 1973 (Part 1)
Whatever you do DO NOT CAMP BY YOURSELF
Footprints
It’s been one and a half nights this time around... why can’t I sleep?
Watching the Grass Grow.
Does shut eye help at all?
My best friend is a cannibal
My Town has a Set of Rules to follow on Saturday
The man who saves you and the thought that should never be thought
mister ripper
Something Kidnapped My Little Sister. I'm Coming for It.
Jupiter's Rules
My friend isn't himself
How to Survive Camping - it's Irish history time and also I might die but that's probably not a surprise anymore
My least favorite Halloween party
Do not rent love.
THE THINGS IN THE WOODS
Take a look at the stars
The Static Speaks to me
Interested in Buying a Human Soul
I saw a face in the mirror and it’s not mine.
My Uncle's Birdhouse
My husband came out to me
My Job Has Slowly Been Turning Me Crazy.
I played 'Never Have I Ever' with my friends, but it turned into the worst night of my life.
I shouldn’t have returned to Camp Grass-Heights. Now, I’m too afraid to sleep.
There is no escape from this cult. Not even death is an escape. Madness is the closest thing to escaping.
I’ve been to the backrooms, safe to say you never want to go.
I accidentally started a cult at my school
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 9)
Was my grandmother right about the people in the dark talking to us?
I never knew, until this very moment.
Ole, Ole Ole Ole, Ole, Ole
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 3)
(Part 1) The Shadows Walk: Henry
I quit my job.
Pig Feed
Silly little horses
Grandma Haunted House?
The woods at my grandmother's house used to be fun...
Clean-up crew, my love. Watch out for the Clean-up crew.
The Wolfman of Black Lake
There are people out in the woods of Wisconsin doing the things you cannot imagine. I was one of them.
The reason I'm never going to babysit again. Ever. Part 2
My uncle's visits to our ancestral house turned out to be his worst nightmare...We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There
The night of horror
100% true story
The awakening of a God
October 10th, 2020
Anyone have solutions to my horrible insomnia?
What happens after death
Sing Out The Thunder
Everyone in my neighborhood plants a corpse in their backyard. You do not defy the soil.
A Private Number (part two)
I drove a google maps street view car,I found something that no one should have.
Don't follow the stream to its origin.
THE WHITE VAN MAN
My Friend Vanessa
People in My Community Are Going Missing
Seashell trail
I cant let it in.
The darkness is getting closer
A ghost and A Witch
I was molested as a child by my uncle
The house in the woods part 2
I think my neighbour is trying to cast a spell on me
Just saw a guy driving a motorcycle at 2 AM then proceeded to have diarhea.
The Man in the Loud and Empty Room (Part 2)
My ex-girlfriend's snake twin
Yellow Eyes
We changed the reality of a person
An Unseen Cat Was Following Us
FENEFEX TALES Vol. 1: The Condemned and the King
That Was Never on the Wall Before
Raccoons
The new next door neighbour
My work at “De officiis inanibus” Part 1 the meeting
I woke up and now I hear sirens.
Saw an Suicide Service advertisment on Facebook and they are best Marketers.
There is something dark inside ocean storms
I'm the driver for a demon baby. He's going on a country wide killing spree.
Some kid killed himself, his post history is bizarre. Not sure what to make of it.
Have you been threatened as a result of a DNA-ancestry test?
The man of my dreams
Dreams have meaning
When he is like this
If you invest in the stock market, liquidate your assets by 3:04PM on April 2nd.
The Smiling Man In Black
There's something wrong with the doll my sister brought home
Protecting Reality, Interdimensional Warriors (Part 1)
A Birthday Party Gone Wrong
I work at a very abnormal cafe pt4
I think I'm going crazy developing this game at night
There's an escape tunnel in our basement, and no one talks about it
CHILDREN OF GOD PT1
I’ve seen my own blood for the first time today
i hate sharing a room
The Dead Men Weren’t Really Dead
I’m a doctor. I just moved into a new town, and their hospital is a little—strange.
My first (possible) paranormal experience
These People are not my Family
My Girlfriend and I Bought a Campground (Part 1)
What if the Coronavirus was developed by the Murder Hornets in a strategy to invade the Americas
I hear voice
this about that dim mirror warping
No people were harmed in the making of this film.
Jane the angel?
St. Cloud Street
I made a joke about a classmate... I'm starting to regret it.
I lived with the strangest creature ever for 2 years...
"WHAT LURKS BELOW" a Lovecraftian short horror story
How to hold a bottled drink with your hand - Tutorial Must Watch!
The GoD Gig
Nostalgia (Part 2)Endscreek: The Noise Coming From Inside Children
2 horror stories
I’ve been trapped in my grandpa’s nursing home for 3 hours. The noises outside are getting worse.
The pursuit of happiness is nothing more than a whisper of hope in the chaos of misery.
Ansel’s Forever - 1
I found an old cassette tape in my dead uncle's apartment labeled "#4". Does anyone have the first three?
Experiment 1563
The thing in the hallway
I Live in a Strange Southern Town (Pt. 2)
What's the code?
What was your creepiest dream or encounter with someone/something in the dream?
If you see footsteps to your house but not away, call the police.
I think my neighbors are sick: Chapter 3 King County
Immortality, or The Trumpist Agenda Part 2
I'm an Air Marshal - This is my Plea for Help for Flight 802
Energy
All Along The Watchtower
Don't antagonize the thing in the wall
Terrifying black eyed children encounter 😳
My dad loved his job
Unnus Annus scary story
Day: 306
As This Dark Ocean Pulls Me Deeper
I sent a hitman after my stepdaughter. Now she wants me dead.
Astral Connection
I Work as a Guard on a Graveyard
My old Babysitter was very strict about her rules.
After my family died, I entered the Devil’s Dance Hall, and I never walked back out
If you come across The Eternal Town, don't stop.
The American public education system
I Went Missing Four Years Ago. I Woke Up In A Town That Doesn’t Exist. (Part three)
My firestick allows me to see into my neighbors house
Jannety is a drunk who won't stop dying (pt.2)
Eloi, Eloi, Lama Sabachtami
What is to come
Summoning demons.
A mysterious guest showed up for dinner one night. My life has never been the same since.
She's outside my door and I don't know what to do
My Hermit Friend
Parenting 101: The best method to get two brothers to stop fighting...
The Incubus of the Suburbs
Shh.. dont let the dolls hear you
SNUFF - The Tattoo
The monsters in the woods won't hurt you, it's the ones in the ocean you should worry about... Pt. 2
My Sister and I Bought Some Property and I Spent Yesterday Investigating...
Do What You Love
I’ve left my body..
I found a diary in my grandma's basement
Fire is deadly. Fire is beautiful. Fire consumes us all. (Part 1)
I sold my soul, If i'm going to die again, then i'm taking hell with me.
Can babies see something that we can't?
Barry and I Should've Kept Using It
I Scratch at My Arms when I’m Nervous
They say that there are skeletons in the woods of Lord’s follow.
A bump in the Night.
The Girl In Pink
I found something VERY disturbing in a trash bin down an ally way right next to an abandoned facility
Has anyone here heard of the 'Mannequin Cave'?
She Gave Me the World All to Myself, but the Moon Was Nowhere to Be Found.
Miss Cushion
The Cicada Trigger
Lights Out
I don't have the most Normal Job...
The Sheep trail
I investigate possession cases for a living, something new is happening.
The drain!
Elisa Lam case. My take.
A story from my new book "Dybbuk Boxes and How to Make Them"
When all the Children in the town disappeared, everyone was heartbroken
I’m still not sure if I slept last night, and I’m really not sure I even want to sleep again.
Let this be a testament to how fragile our civilization is, and how puny we are in the grand scheme of things.
People in my city are disappearing. Part 2
My second day at Disney World and let's make a deal. (4)
Why she's not a cat person anymore
Tales From The Diner - Doug's Return
I wanted an adventure. Now I'm stuck in a devil's game. Day 1 Part 2
Never make fun of the weird kid. You might hear head-banging coming from the bathroom when he invites you over.
I Found My Lost Best Friend After 3 Years. I Wish I Didn't...
I was saved by sex workers (Part 2)
I dug up the man who speaks to me in my garden.
You'll let them in
The Lonely House
Qurantine Dreams (Part 1)
Thanatophobia
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like a human? (Pt. 2)
I fell asleep on an airplane
I was taken from my home
It's hunting us
There's something outside
By the Seashore (a horror poem)
This schooltrip scarred me for life.
Searching for a post on here (what was the name again ?)
I’ve been able to see another dimension ever since I was young
Seven Deadly Sins: A Book of Childhood Morality Tales: Pride/Sloth (Part 2)
The Black Umbrella
There's Someone in My Closet
I'm terrified of my closet
LOOK
My son was involved in a suicide game on the dark web.
This is my last resort
I'm a guard for a local theme park. I've been stuck for nearly 20 hours, part 2
I contracted a disease... I don't think it's the Coronavirus - Part II (Final)
Heard something last night?
You Know My Name
I Was Sent To The Wrong Mental Hospital
Nachiketa: The wishes Death grants
Us
It's Just a Finger
I went on murder rampage , but trust me it wasn't me
Dream Journal
The Trial
The Black Forest Kills
I wrote this awhile ago.
There's Something in My Room That Watches Me While I Sleep
It's after me, it's too late.
Home alone
They got into my computer...... Now there coming for me.
Woo part 2
Queen Bees, Wasp Kings
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 7)
The man in the fog took my son.
Short Deep State Sci Fi Story - Pregnant Jim By Lucy Marie Maund...HelloThis isn't my life...
My father left a box of VHS tapes when he died. They show parallel earths ending and ours is next. FINAL UPDATE.
NW D.C., BLACK MALE, DEATH, #1
The Sleepless People Are Wrong And Twisted And Stare At Me From The Dark
The ramblings of an insane man
Woke up and saw a small bundle of light in my hand and it was radiating heat. What may that be?
Unreleased Presidential Addresses
The Door and the Tinny Man.
I started working the night shift for my local airport. I found a strange list of rules(part 1)
A fire by the Lake
Curiosity didn't just kill the cat... it changes it
they're waiting downstairs
Something about Wickham Street
My Boyfriend's Dreams Are Starting to Scare Me
Has anyone heard of The Purgatory Game? Part 2.
LSD true story
I'm a hitman. I got a contract multiple times on the same guy because he kept coming back. Final
Blood Law (Part Six)
Home Sweet Home
In the Doghouse
It lurks behind Nosleep
طريقة عمل معروك رمضان السوري
I Think my Neighbor is a Witch
Tik Tok Brush
There is a predator on the train
The Perfect Father Conditioning Program
My exGF used to drug me
A Trip to the Hardware Store
I always loved to go ghost hunting...
The Doll (Part 2)
“Can we stay?”
Sleep recorder.
I took my temperature when I got to work. It wasn't a high fever.
A ghost leaves memory beads on my nightstand
My friend stole more than he bargained for (Part 1)
You Won't Believe What Was Under Her Bed!
Short story about a recurring dream...
Why I put white supremacy behind me
I can see my future and see what happen days before it happens
Strange stuff going on in my room
Dark person in a dark room (True Incident)
a garden of pink sunflowers
I think I might have caused my friend to be kidnapped.
House at the end of Anderson road
Scary Experience
Blackwoods Bend Part Four - The Vanishing Man
I work as a Retail Sale Employee. Theres a few unusual rules I'm required to follow.
Words of Wisdom, Part 7
Pond castle
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Rule #3 used to be unBEARable, but now it gives me hope
I was kidnapped by a monster, it’s going to kill me
I found a metal box at the junkyard. FINAL
Do you hear the voice of the ocean?
We lost our friend Charles to the darkness after exploring an abandoned house
This isn't a book club, is it?
My Son is telling me Spirits want his Soul.
I saw HER on my bed
I thought my friend was trying to steal my husband. The truth was much worse.
Continue this story to make it scarier!
I've been having weird dreams, and I'm trying to keep a journal (2)
This Thing on My Doorstep
The long bus ride home
It's Not the Stairway to Heaven, But it's Not the Stairwell to Hell, Either.
Bob
The Sixteenth Floor
FAILURE
You Are What You Eat, pt 1
Awake....
I got hired in Hell. Today was my first day on the job. (PART 2)
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 4
Dad Works Nights
My father’s death was ruled a “Medical Impossibility”
I found a diary at a forest. Now I'm transcribing it.
P O L Y B I U S
A true scary story that happened to me when I was hunting
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. Something else lives here now.
Disavowed
My ex girlfriend was a cult member
Call me crazy, but my own shadow has a mind of its own.
My dad told .d to never look into the pipe. I didn
don’t play the TikTok game.
The Alms Seeker at The Station
My Cupid, the Soul-Stealing Monster (Part 1)
Don't Miss Your Stop.
My Best Piece Yet
the moon looks so nice out! Wh-STOPy dont you praise it
I'm a hunter in Maryland and I found some deeply disturbing things.
I'm a guard stationed at a 'secret' government prison. A few hours ago, there was a major breach.
New joke for depressed kids
Something Came into Our House in the Middle of the Night
It Says It's God
rotten
Journeying into my mind
The following is a problem in an old ethics textbook found in the back cupboard of a philosophy classroom. I have omitted the battery of direct questions that came at the end of the story. All other salient details from the case, however, are enclosed
Boxes
My sister has been leaving me concerning voicemails (part 2)
I was hired to transport an exotic pet to its buyer
I Can't Sleep.
The smiling passanger
Rattling coming from closet.
Heard her name in a missing’s person podcast, saw her face in real life.
Cerebral vein burst incident that changed my whole personality
my father made me do boxing to improve my maths skills
That errie metallic sound
Have You Ever Read Those Inflight Safety Cards?
Something Creeps Me In My Room...
What I experienced during sleep paralysis wasn't a hallucination
The Nights in the Isolated Island
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Eleven)
Tales of a lonely security guard pt 5: A past revealed
The Weeping Angel
Part 1
Have You Ever Caught a Firefly?
The Legend of Grimwald
Do you need a ride?
Flamingo Island
Lillith 2 of 3
any good post ?
im sorry your line is not delineatyed
So, I went on my first date in over 3 years... (Part 1)
My name is Daphne. Part 2
I will never look at my cat the same way
Recurring nightmare, I don’t know what it means.
Help, I'm thinking to kill who bullied me
What Horror Movies Don't Prepare You For...to be cont'd?
Self Care (i might make a few of these so i’m marking it as a series!)
My reality glitched and my mind is disassociating with reality. HELP ME.
I Live in an Apartment Building for People in Supernatural Danger, Nobody Should Knock on Ms. Ariadne’s Door
Don't turn on the lights
After school detention
Comfortable In Your Skin
I'm AWOL from the US Air Force. Telling this story is signing my own death warrant- but it needs to be told.
How I found out my son is a killer
The man in the storage room
Dark web
A school lockdown is happening. The intruder isn't human.
Haunted places
My Foster Brother is a former assassin or something... Day 2
I asked my girlfriend's parents for permission to marry their daughter. They said yes, but they also had an odd request.
I traveled back to the Victorian Era, but the world I saw was nothing like in the history books - Part 4
Wait Until After Halloween.
Here Comes the Void
The Frosty The Snowman Kidnapping
My dog doesn't bark
I am scared, there is something.
Uncomfortable Comfort Room
Black Windows: What's out there?
I Work in the Last Store at a Dying Mall
I can't stop thinking about my ex (part 2)
I had to kill a person and yield her soul to save my sister
Vitamin Sea
Why I am afraid to go to sleep
2 Sentence Horror Story
Infectious smile
I'm an attack helicopter pilot. My squadron was deployed for an unusual night escort mission.
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Part 2)
I have a doll from a television show that doesn't exist. I asked my mom about it.
Creepypasta "IT'S in the sewers,!"
I'm really regretting moving into this new house.
The Hangover Wasn’t The Worst Part About This Drive
The time I was traumatized by a dream.
Raventown
I got an e-mail yesterday with a link, and now I'm fighting for my life
FatherFather
I think something tried to get into my room.
The Fire I'll Never Forget...
They Always Told Me To Not Pick Up Hitchhikers
Waiting and waiting and waiting... Until
I'm looking for a story from my childhood (Graphic Content)
Substation 9
Something happened to me as a kid, I still can't explain it rationally
How an Elf on the Shelf changed my life
Crossover Episode
There is something in the forest (Ending)
Am I weird?
Open Your Eyes
I think aliens are stalking me!??
Mama Said (Part Two)
I think I'm possessed
Can we have this once a month?
I found stairs in my crawlspace, that shouldn't exist.
I gave a ride to The Eater of Saints.
My Brother Ate a Gas Station Chilli Dog, This is what happened to his Brain
Hypomnesia
I Found a 47 TB Folder on my 128 GB Laptop
I'm a wendigo, but not a normal one. Part 2
I Work At A Haunted Hotel
Berni's Law
Don’t summon her.
She'd been waiting for this day for a long time
It Takes More Than Fucking Someone You Don't Know to Keep Warm
Peckers
The Ritual I'll never forget.
The Park Across the Street
There's something strange about the elevator in my building. I don't know if I'm going crazy.
He took me to the other side, and it left me perplexed. Hope ya'll give it a read. Peace.
My Father worked for the Russian Government, Here’s what he left me
I Worked at a Chemical Plant, and made a Grave Mistake.
The Walk
The Willard Mental Asylum closed in 1995, something’s going on in there.
I played in a Skribble.IO private room and something happened
Not little Blake
If you see a light in the woods, don't follow it.
There is only ONE way to activate a proper sleep cycle..
I used to go to my grandparents every summer, I used to..
An Interesting Trip To The Boyfriend’s House
Terms and conditions (Pt2)
I think I'm experiencing the memories of a serial killer.
Amateur astronomer here…I saw something strange.
Have you ever wondered where disappearing items go? (part 1/3)
Budsturga's Debt: Part 4
A Coma Dream Ended Up Being Real
It's over for all of us. I'm sorry.
I dog sat for my sister, I wish I didn't
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 7
Glinting Asterism
I found myself in a room filled with hands.
Horror story comp!
The wierd door way
Today at 11:00 am MST, turn off all of your screens and look away
Went to Vandalize but I lost my friend
Bzx
Incident Report: August 21st, 2020 – The Demon Core
Real strange experience. TRUE.
I met someone who claimed to have been cursed by God
I used to teach English in Japan. I'd like to talk about some of my experiences.
The man in the woods
Someone else killed and canned Pat. I'm just eating him.
I found something on the ground. I should have left it there.
I'm Never Shooting Another Snuff Film
Night train
Crowden (mini-series)
The Six Levels Game
A field trip for losers.
There's Been An Apperant Shift In Reality
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - How I Got Into This Mess (Part 2)
Class 1C: The Wannabe Tooth Fairy
I saved a white snake
This is for those who still wonder what this system is.
He who "crafts"
That wasn't my childInsomnia- can’t sleep, and when I do I can’t get back up
My Uncle Worked at a Insane Asylum (Story 9)
2020 is right around the corner
Late night writing
He was feeding the cats.I Found Out My Family's History. We're cursed.
My Last House
I Ended up Somewhere Else while waiting on my Daughter's School Bus Yesterday. Somewhere Awful.
After All These Years, This Halloween Someone Finally Noticed Me
Work in mental health unit.
You are meat, My name is ...
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 2
About a year ago me and my husband had the scare of our life...
I think I have my own personal demon
What I found unnerved me.
Demonic Tutor
There's a Dark Force at Our New Home that Has Taken Over my Wife and I think I'm Next
When my cousin changed
Sleeper Agent
The Little Somnambulist
Someone knocked back
Man dressed as Indian squatting on the end of my bed, I kid you not!
I found a weird artifact in the woods by my house
I've been eating my mom
The Deleted Channel Part 2: Best Friend Tag
I've been living in my apartment for a year, and recently its been scaring me
The Chronicler
Family Game Night (Part 2): How It Began
We have a monster in my village killing people
My friend's potato cellar
why you should never have shelves in your house...
The Urge: a fictional modern story, PART 1
I work for Styx Taxis and I help transport souls to the afterlife...I just picked up a cannibal
Special incidents unit - Part 1
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 5 The Restricted Sublevels
I have a power, and it's haunting me.
There's someone tapping outside my window. I'm on the seventeenth floor.
True Scary Story About My UberEats Pizza Delivery
If You See a Single Shoe On the Side of the Road, "The Rules of the Road" State You Must Do This
All is pliable
my sperm is salty
Technology - A boon or a curse
I Opened my Sister's Photoshop Files.
My Lucy
Don't be friends with Marie...
I've been trapped here for years and every day is exactly the same.
The dark is scary
I am the error.
St James' Cemetery
True Story, no joke it actually happened
Nosh, the Shadow Stealer mirror game
The haunted house *true story*
I Opened An Ancient Box, Now Weird S#it Is Happening
I've Been Having Strange Dreams. If Something Happens to me You Know What it Was.
All The World's A Stage
I worked as a Camera operator in the 90s, my last job is the reason I retired.
In my closet. A tale by me.
The Rule of 3
gallows hill 9 // nephilos
I joined a local chess club. I should have followed their ONE rule.
a "imaginary" friend
What a Beautiful Rainbow
School shooting {Subscribe to SG T0X1C and Itz SyFy for the meaning of this}
The Contorted: Children
Sleepover Rules!
True? Nature.
I think there is a someone in my house
Blog One: I started a new exercise program. It's been tough, and I'm having nightmares.
P.S You’re dead
No one knows what's killing my best friend.
Flashback
O Creation
i mistaked another person’s house for my friend’s.
The Doll that was Alive: the story of Japan’s Annabelle that shocked the entire country
My Job was supposed to be fun... Now, I'm lucky to just be unemployed...
THE MAN IN THE CUP OF THE TREESThe Monster and The Victim
I am a Sheriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart Texas. Part 3B
Who Was He?
On a Dark Desert Highway
A demon haunts my sleep
I used the devil to cheat on a test. Now he's my math teacher.
Off World
I remember falling
Does shut eye help at all? Have been laying in bed for 5 hours with just my eyes closed unable to sleep anxious about my exam today
A Gift For The Tree
i just want to pee on the floor
The Stranger
I watched them burn.
I Learned How To Write A Horror Story The Hard Way
Stitched
I parents have changed and not in a good way
If you visit The Crimson Carnival - Don't go inside The Fun House!
In the center of New Mexico is a portal and my great grandmother opened it
There was a shadow-man at my door
When everyone finally started walking backwards.
Lake Tahoe
Alone and Hunted
My Employee the Voodoo Puppet (Part 4)
It was a warm sunny afternoon when I walked into the cafeteria.
Everytime i scratch my ass, it smells.
Spare-O's Funeral Services
lawn care pt 1
Anna
I Asked My Mother About A Non-Existent Show I Remembered Watching As A Kid...
They Came from the Woods
I work on an offshore supply boat in Alaska and there is something wrong in our engine room
The truth I cannot know
I thought it was the dog under the bed.
The Humans (Part 1)
I am the framer of cursed images. (Part 13)
The Beginning Survival Guide
I recently took a night shift at a hospital, and I had to follow a strange set of rules.
THE MOTH MAN
I Attended a Brazilian Macumba Ceremony. Things Didn't Go as Planned.
hide under your blankets
The previous tenant of my new flat left a survival guide. Today I finally met her.
If you scream in a forest, will anyone hear?The Doll Man
I wasn’t born, I just...was
The scariest nightmare I have had in a while.
I found a 47 TB folder on my 128 GB laptop
hey if your reading this from Yakima Washington you need to leave as soon as possible
The Headset
I was sure it was just the wind
The Dollmaker
I Was Named a Crow
I Tried to Embark on Another Cruise Ship, but there were Always Extra Passengers Onboard
No One In My Family Ever Really Dies (Part Three)
Unwanted Housemate
Shadow People...?
The Amazonian Mirror.
Why was the B-29 So bad ?
A group of children stand in a line, a church steeple in the background.
that time i got reincarnated in a different world
Glitch
Don't Explore Abandoned Houses, You Might Not Make It Back Out
My Best Friend Jessica
Someone's stealing my teeth
Hell hound bound
Dad hated leftovers. I wish I did too.
My narration isn’t that great yet but still proud that I’m finally making videos like it. So here’s a creepypasta. Pokémon Black.
I got eye surgery and something went wrong
I think there is an entity in my chocolate store
Ouija board hidden inside a wall
ive been stalked by a creature with a mask
A strange man just appeared in my house
How Do You Want To Die?
The past three years of my life is not what I though it was.
There are monsters in the Womack Medical Center at Ft. Bragg, North Carolina. The military can’t contain it much longer.
My college sorority is different. – The last song of the siren
I’m stuck in IKEA, here’s my story before I go. (SCP-3008)
How many of you felt the same as me?
I should have kept the heart shaped Valentine candies
The Men in the White Van
ANNUNAKIDARKHILD77
My daughter had a slumber party 3 days ago. She hasn’t woken up since.
I Had An Encounter With An Old God
This light in my house attracts...things
Handwriting is ALWAYS important.
I woke up and saw a man standing at the end of my bed watching me sleep
quick give me a gothic tale plzz
I live next to the Lake of Blood and need some advice
Beware of the White Noise
Yesterday I went to sleep in my bed, Today i woke up somewhere else.
How to Survive Camping - I'm glad I'm not the only one with bad ideas
Is there something in my apartment
WAS TRICKED INTO JERKING OFF (OMEGLE)
why did the chicken cross the road?
A whale visits me in my dreams every night. Tonight, she is going to carry me away forever.
Marly Republic video people following me
There's a Reason We Don't Go Outside on Halloween Night...
My dream from 8 years ago is starting to become a reality.
KEEPER OF THE NECRONOMICON
They tell me I'm a school shooter, I'm innocent
The Cursed Picture
Me and My friends summoned the Jangling King!
I survived a drug store shooting - This is my story
DON’T DO THIS RITUAL!
I heard a thud,now it's coming..
30 hours ago
The Wendigo Calls - Part 1
Alone in a dark room with seven mirrors and seven candles. (Part 3)
I started working in overnight security and now I'm stuck.
I smelled my pup a few minutes ago.
The Symphony
My childhood By the Railway.
Voudou Chronicles I: Orevwa
A Demon Possessed Me For Most Of My Life And I want Him Back.
For the Greater Glory of God (Part 2)
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 6
How to kill a monster?
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free— If You Ever Meet Him, SAY NO! (Part 2)
My boyfriend’s ex is the jealous type
Don't go past Shelly's house
After the storm.An SCP tale.
The colt
A mentally ill man wanted to drug my date.
I am trapped in somewhat a dream of some sorts
Online School
My mom was replaced but no one seemed to notice.
It comes for the children
Our daughter came back... As a ghost.
Mr. Skins &amp; Me
The woodlands.
I know this isn't the subreddit to share dreams but I feel like I need to tell people my story.
There’s a demon living in my attic and she has three rules (Part 6)
The Deceased
Why I can no longer sleep on a bed.
Beautiful Murder in Seoul
The Birds Whisper
Found some creepy-cool tapes about Showbiz Pizza and decided to transcribe them—Part 2
My Cat Vanished And A Creature Took Me
My Entire Neighborhood is Surrounded by a Massive Wall and Nobody Knows What to do
The GPS
Call me Birdy
The Crack In The Display
I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus
The Halloween Decorations Come Alive At Night
How Do I Forget...
Article on the Great Capcom Debacle
5 short horror stories
What does love feel like?
A story my Father told me before he went missing.
slip
Deadly Ding Dong Ditch
I had to do it, I had no other choice.
I drove the new girl home from the bar. It's worse than I thought. (Part 3)
Someone Is Hungry
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
The thing in my room
A mothers vengeance for her abducted child.
My new neighbours upstairs are very disturbing
We're a Family, Come Hell or High Water
Soy Un Oficial En Un Pueblo Lejano De La Sociedad En Argentina (PARTE 3)
These incidents occurred in the Rocky Mountains...
The little girl in the park
They say my sister Amy never existed.
I lived through weeks of my life that didn't actually happen. This isn't a story of fiction either, this really happens to me.
Maybe I should've slept and minded my own business
Grammies Curse
Mysterious that is haunting my dreams
But I just wanted a family
Zooming With Kindergarteners
The Itch Keeps Getting Worse
I recently broke up with my girlfriend. I think she's out to kill me. Part 1
The backrooms
I found a family living in a fallout shelter at the edge of town, and now I'm one of them (part one)
The ants have been showing me things
The Earthlings (Part 1)
My uncle left me a shifty little bar in his will. Some witches get very agressive when they're drunk.
My stalker is standing outside, staring at me, right now (Part 2)
My Shadow Has Wings (part two)
She Latched Onto Me Like a Parasite
What Caused the Big Bang(this is not related to stopping global warming)
No time.
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She's getting closer. Please, I need answers, I need help!
Searching for personal horror stories!
There's A Dead Kid At My Door
Wildfire Ashes
Dead Town Pt. 01
If you don't see in the beginning, you will see in the end
I can't sleep
The Clicker that roamed the town of Burrybay. (Part 1)
clown
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
A pedophile returned to my life after a few years
That one Facebook-user with an Anime Profile Picture
My daughter Vanessa
I wish he just robbed me instead
My dreams are turning into reality
The wendigo taunts at dawn.
My friend is a monster
The thirteen turquoise boxes sent to my home
Doyouknowabouttheconcelatesweb
Night Security Nearly Killed Me
My hometown is probably haunted
I’M A PSYCHOLOGIST,AND MY MOST RECENT CASE SENT CHILLS DOWN MY SPINE
I Killed Jeffrey Epstein
The missing girl from down the street
I now know that the Emergency Broadcast instructions throughout this world wasn't just to tell us how to protect ourselves from the creatures that invaded this earth, but from something far much worse. (Entry 1)
The Childless Mother
Welcome To The Imperium Club
I was just trying to get some food...
Her Smile
My Husband Takes Business Trips Every 3 Months and This Time He Saw Something Weird on Our Security CameraWill molecules of water be a cryptocurrency in Hell?
I only have a short time.
Diary of a Monster  - 21st October 1972
The Wolves Have Returned
Scottish Hotel Hell  - A dead girl's jewelry in the forest
My wife, the Succubus (Part 1)
NoSleep
There’s a girl in my house, and she’s not friendly...
Momma's Calling
My husband hits me
During a bad acid trip, I saw something that I really wish I could forget
Strange events during my overnight shifts on campus are getting worse (pt 2)
When will they stop
The wolf and I part 2: reflecting on the past
When I was ten on Willow Lane
Disney’s animatronics May not be who you think
I have been downvoted everywhere else I posted this so maybe this is the right home for it. If not let me know. I am part of a subreddit that is both cursed and haunted and is part of a religious cult. The sub is designed to control people's minds and take over the world.
I’m a journalist. I interviewed a man who keeps seeing the same woman at the foot of his bed each night.
Don't go looking for the eight maids a-milking in Angel Hills
Henry
Something horrible happened my Sophomore year
Creepy Sylveon
Spooky "Black Dog" Encounter
Crave 2 (PART 1)
I saw through my cat?!
I need you to kill me.
Im not sure what just happened but I think I saw a skin walker
Did anyone else see the GrayFungus livestream? It unsettles me.
My Dad told me too never look in the pipe. I didn
A Stranger To Fear
I found a file in my computer named HappyBirthdayBaby.txt.
If you're driving at night and see a crashed car, don't stop
The Footsteps in the Attic
Elizabeth Graves
There's a woman trapped in my basement. She needs my help.
The Diamond Prospectors Part 6
2:05 A.M.
A cult hired me as an escort.
Doc Weebe was as dependable and welcome as death
When you live in a trailer park in the middle of the woods, sometimes things happen
The Choice
When The Sea Came In
Every year on Christmas Eve, an entity takes me from this world and brings me to the next. If I'm abducted this year, I may never return.
My hometown has completely disappeared and no one is talking about it.
A ghostly priest in an underground city wants me to take revenge on a family line. I don't know who to trust.
I Opened My Eyes During Prayer
The weirdly imaginative Fantastic Bestiary my 10 year old daughter is doing.
I found a haunted corn maze in the middle of the forest, I don't think I should've went in
XxBLUE_KITTENSxX's Horror story
My Sister remembers her past life.
Criminal facial recognition software goes crazy for a man.
The Fifth Stall
How to end a life.
Diary Of A Chimera | A True Monster's Story
An update on the cloud situation
God’s angels aren’t what we thought they were.
The Great Marauder of the northern woods.
In sociology class I failed an exam based on my life
I met something in the woods and i need some help in finding what it was.
I Found This Journal in My New House, Now I'm WorriedI found out how Ms. Wheeler wins the pumpkin growing contest
I saw my dead friend on my Ring Cam
Don't Swim In The Sinkholes In Mexico
The New House
I’m Afraid to Go to Sleep because I Age in My Dreams
I work in Neuroscience lab.
My Mom Made a "Mermaid", I'm Next.
I'm your run of the mill truck driver and I have some stories to get off my chest
Nightmare at Houska Castle
Don't trust gamers... I just got away...
employee of the month
How Long Have You Been Hiding?
The Stikini (Part II)
My son decided to hunt a coyote demon for hurting our dog, and my whole family could be in danger at this point
Your Uber Has Departed (XPost From Scary Stories)
Wierd, In bed , hears the MCB(electrical circuit breaker) trips off, sees a white gaze, hears a "zwooorp", gets a shock
The Darkness Upon La Muerte del Cielo
I'm a patient in a psychiatric hospital. Part 1 - the white room.
My Friends Got Me Cursed(Finale)
I Think I Just Killed Someone
Boy Scout Cookies
The Cost of Isolation
This Year's Hottest Gift: Coulrophobia
I have been running and cant stop
My Best Friend Is A Serial Killer And I'm His Next Victim
It is not a baby, no matter how much it disagrees.
The kidnapped kid (btw this is not real this is a story)
I Encountered a Small Town and I'm not Sure it Exists
Who am I? Everything's red.
My nephews monster
01001001 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101100 01101100 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101 01101111 01101110 01100101 00100000 01100001 01100011 01100011 01101001 01100100 01100101 01101110 01110100 01100001 01101100 01101100 01111001 00100000
Why I've moved 4 times
The Sinking of the USS Borie
When i was 14, my father gave me something.
Pretend
The eye-less watcher
Anomaly 1275- One Horned Girl
I’m a cop and everyone is pretending like my case from 15 years ago never happened
A motel creepypasta
Hold your breath
Why I am not a police officer anymore.
The Wishing Well
I'm a veterinarian. Things got hairy when a man showed up at my clinic wanting to buy the animals.
I saw something in France, and it has followed me home
One man hide and seek
It was just before sunrise...
I think a ghost led my son to her body part 2
How my obsession with perfection ended human society
My phsycopath of a girlfriend, well, ex girlfriend now.
The face I saw through my covers
I need new friends at my school. I think I found a way to get one!
I woke up in a different country and we need to follow these directions to survive. We are prepared to return...
Five Seconds of Terror
Don't EVER use a sleep talking app with sleep paralysis
My Daughter’s Mermaid Party (prologue):
Heiner Experiment
An Obsession
These are not my woods.
I watch people in cages (Part 5)
BLACK MALE, NW D.C., DEAD
Alcoholic's Anonymous? Narcotics Anonymous? I had heard of those. But I had never heard of Solipsists Anonymous. I didn't even know that MYSELF was something that I could be addicted to.
Need Help
I had a disturbing conversation with my 7-year-old daughter.
Small town nights
Pandemic
An an abandoned stroller crossed the street with a crying baby in it.
The Guiding Light
A Weird Room
Call my name
Recorded hotline with scary ending
As a kid, I had an accident that has changed me forever
Eviebot
NE-Alpha
A record of lucid dreaming
The Murder Case of the Hilton Household
Shadow Mans Delayed Message
Why I don't like the dark
The Beginning of the Darkness
A ghost is haunting me and I don't know what to do
I went to the refrigerator to get a snack and then Dick Cheney showed up!
HELP ME FIND A STORY (baracassa)!
The Nowhere Company
Walking Home Alone
Lightbulb
The Cavern Coaster
A Stranger Calls
While I'm still human
Jessica.
I collect Bootleg media as a hobby, though sometimes I question why.
The Broken Man
I got lost coming home, and I'm still not sure where I was.
help needed!!
I’ve been trapped in a hospital with 5 killers for 5 days now, and my willpower is the only reason I’m alive.
My dad is acting strange and he wont tell me why...
Christine's Demon- Never sleepover at someone's house
I have a roommate...but turns out i might have a second
My sleep paralysis demon is actually very hot
The old man and his cat.
the worst advice i’ve ever received
PLEAE READ THIS
I'm teaching my son to hunt
there's something wrong with gamma
Lindwen Cave: The Awakening
WARNING! DON’T OPEN THE CHILDREN’S BOOK “DITTY DOTTY DEETY DUM”!
The man who was The Sun.
The lady with the white dress.
The tragedy of grief
The Clockmaker. (Chapter 1)
No One Has Been To Earth In A Long Time...
Snake Bites
My hatred for my family drove me to a very, very dark place. I want to tell you about it.
I'm Lily Madwhip and I'm Learning About Monsters
The things in White Hills
Just moved into a new neighborhood. Weird stuff is going on.
I’m a nice guy! (Part 1)
It's Spreading.
I thought my dad was a pervert. Its much worse.
V The ghost that fallows (part 2)
Wander
There is someone other than me living in my head
A Quick Question
The Tale of the Laundry Spirit
The Ultimate Body
I’m a demon, and my friends are in hot water with entities I’m not sure I can protect them from (part two) REPOSTED
I think I was roofied last night (Final)
The Wal-Mart Ghosts (True Story) Potential NSFW
They count in the dark
The humming
Time Warp
Here to vent about propably the shittiest town that can be
I run a secret euthanasia service. I just tested my own product.
The Pharmacy - Part 1
My wife hasn’t been the same since she came back from house sitting.
Why do I feel so guilty about something I can't control? I can't sleep for days thinking about something that happened years ago. Why does this faded memory suddenly haunt me now?
I dead ass just witnessed a undead spirit in the mirror
Glitches are not real.
On the ten o’clock bus
The first words mankind ever wrote have been discovered...and the words have driven all who read it into suicidal madness.
I was only given one rule: never ask Mr. Franks how he lost his eyesight
A personal note on Case #229: Our Finale. (Final)
(THIS IS NOT MADE UP THIS ACTUALLY HAPPENED) My brother used to see things in his room when he was younger
"WRETCHTON" Part One (Short Story)
I don’t know why they kidnapped me. I don’t know where I am, or who I am. All I know is that I have to get out. I have to survive...
How Far Would You Go to Save Your Sister?
HMMMMMM
The Forest, And How To Survive It, Pt.2
Apartment 261
Someone was lurking around my house last night
The one thing I'm afraid of...
fake pandemic
FFS someone please help me, my daughter’s creepy-ass doll is alive and is taking real shits
The Reason I Don't Sleep (Part 1)
Birch Wood creatures
Things Like This Don't Happen Here (I)
Fading Footsteps in Freshly Fallen Snow
I'm a hunter, but not just any kind of hunter.
I really didn't want to
I NEVER expected for something like this to happen at a customer’s house. Part 1
'Imitator Worms'Paranormal investigator part 2 Folklores.
I can't believe what I had done
Mirrors, I can not have them in my house anymore
I’ve been haunted by a woman my entire life.
Don't get high on Christmas
My girlfriend is terrified of deer. I didn't believe her until it was too late.
My Paranormal/Strange Experiences
Life in a Box
This music is so calming that help you to go to sleep https://open.spotify.com/track/15oCwbNSlLtLeVkEIegSVq
I have gone too far and now I think I have lost my mind.
Seeing ghosts before you die?
My friend is staying with a host family abroad and I got this email
Bàs Leòmainn Geal
I saw something in my neighborhood last night
I know what happened to her body.
We found a carcass of a blue whale in a forest, hundreds of meters above sea level
My take on the Super Mario 64 is personalized stories.
What ever you do DO NOT CAMP BY YOURSELF!!!
Remember when it used to be a joke?
LEVIATHANS (PART TWO)
My first encounter with the man with the salt and pepper ponytail
Mr. Christmas
I took a kid I don't know to my apartment after school. Now his mom won't stop calling me. (part one)
run johnny run
Hi guys are u scared? ... do u love to watch Abandoned child hospital explored... then u will need to check out my first video on youtube where i explored abandoned child hospital ;) and look what i found there ... If u want to see more of it subscribe to my channel and don't sleep ;)
My Recent Art Commission...and the Demon Attached to it.
Read this, your afterlife depends on it.
Falling To the Void
I think my memories are broken
The ocean is much deeper than we thought
Yesterday I had no kids. Today my daughter is 9
Schrodinger's Spider
Sometimes Old Ladies See Dead People - Part 3
What would you think about this,
What Would You Do if You Woke Up and It Was All Gone?
Ghosts don't scare me anymore.
Peri: An Introduction to American Djinn
Nosleep interview with HyperObscura!
My lab has successfully created clones. But, something about the clones causes others to behave violently.
My Living Talent
A Taste of Magic
If you have a Microsoft Mesh, discard it immediately!
I thought I'd found my Doppelganger but the Truth was much more Terrifying
Every night, at 2:30 am, I must be in my father’s room.
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. We finally found the elevator and made our escape attempt, aka The Beginning of the End
Killer Furby's
I had this very strange 'dream' when I was a kid.
I'm haunting my friends house. No really.
Something weird is happening at my grocery store.
Chirping in the early morning
I Used to be in a Cult, and We Did Something Horrible
Campfire Story from My Past_Rover
Killing My Childhood Monster Was Easier Than I Thought
I found out that I'm a sleeper agent for Hell.
My mechanical angel
The Haunted(?) Home Part One
I saw her in the moonlight
"It's just a meme, bro"
How to survive a nuclear war - Log #1
The Story of You
I think I see ghosts - expect I don't think all of them were once people.
Why I made up the stupidest lie to get out of the Mental hospital
The Starving Fane
So, this is a few stories about my time as a custodian in my new district. Since I have a lot of free time due to COVID, i figured i’d drop a few.
The Other "Anti-Santa"
Dark Oracle Issue 2
I keep hearing someone knocking on my door.
I did it... I saved her
I used to think my Reflection was my Guardian Angel...now I'm terrified of it.
There's Something in the Network
If only I had grabbed my phone.
Pine forest
Alternate ending
My parents are pyscopatic killers Chapter one
I worked on a cargo shipment, and have a story to tell.
Each Time I See The Enormous Raven, Someone I Love Dies
What is Matramus?
It Came From The Light
Hair Trap
My Mom's Apocalypse - PART TWO
I have no rules in my security night job because i have to discover them... (Part 2)
There are people in the woods of Wisconsin hunting down things you could not imagine. I was one
No Sleep, help me out pls. Ive been losing sleep forever thinking abt this
Snowfall (Part 1)
20-40 meteors hit the earth in multiple places. But thats not what caused our extinction
I don't know who that is, but it's not my best friend
Hey guys, this is my first creepypasta that I’ve written. Any sort of feedback would be great. Give it a read :)
The Unnamed Rest Stop
No one believes that I actually died in 2056. Everyone is in danger.
Hill's Bed and Breakfast
I think there is someone in my house
The Reboot of Kyle
Facts
Do the Heavens ever spare the crop when the winter falls?
Pedro is a state of mind
I Took Three Tests
I still see you
There’s a lot more to worry about in rural Wyoming than wild animals.
Don't be so silly, dear
Reassurance
Help with finding a story
dOn'T TeLl
My Fiancée Says I've Been Sleep-talking...
I Prevented Y2K from Happening and No one Knows (Part 2)
They always know
This is based on a scary true story
A late night stroll.
Infected City
Me and that thing slipped in a yOuR dimension annnndd it might destroy the world
HE comes once a year (part 4)
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 4)
what are some scary stories you guys know.. I cant sleep so yeah.
My daughter's high school performance went horribly wrong. And the worst night of our entire lives followed. Part 2 | FINALE
The Dean Family have a curse upon them, and only I know why.
I Hunt Fairies - Part 1
RIP CARA I got you babe
My family moved to a new house. I've found a book that I think will save their lives. (2)
I Heard Dragging Coming From The Attic. What I Found Was Something Grotesque.
Me and Jack
I kicked something in my sleep.
A dream that didn’t feel like one
A Long and Dagerous way Home (part 3)
I woke up to a loud bang on my wall
PSA: If you use Facebook or Oculus products/services, you are supporting a criminal organization
There is a village where everyone screams at the setting sun. I will find it.
I paid $3,000 to stay at a premium AirBnB for a week. I really should have read the reviews.
The train
The Farm
I got a call at midnight
The High Diary
Yup
Singed at a demons wedding
Jack-o-lanterns
The Trailer
Debarrimise Cave, don't go to it, you won't last...
Run-away.
Everyone Is Gone But I'm Not Alone
When we found the creature, we thought it was an angel. We were just kids, ignorant of life's horrors. But now that twisted thing is free, and there's nothing we can do to stop it.
I will never go to a slumber party again.Every few days, I wake up in the body of someone who is about to die an unnatural death
My friends and I watched a cursed VHS tape...something came for them, I'm next. UPDATE
Little bastards...
A theory
Escape from Stonehedge Maximum Prison
My apartment window doesn't look outside.
My local theater recently screened a film called "Mr. Blank." (Part 7)
I never wished i got a kid with my wife.
Sleep
Earthquake
what did they summon?
My Mansion (intro)
Notes from isolation experiment #1 (pt 5)
One at a time...
I keep having nightmares of my close friends dying.
Update: Operation Harbinger is Happening
Beard Oil
My friend and I found something in the woods. At first, we thought we were gods. But now I think we're pawns in the scheme of something even greater.
It comes from the walls
The Queen of the Castle
The Single Shadowy Figure
I once had a dream...
I’m a cook at Poppa’s Big Burger Joint and we have a special recipe
The Flower That Grew Through The Keys
I think I’m being followed part 1 and 2
Baba
If your Car has a Second Shadow and Nothing Casting it, DO NOT STOP
I need advice,
🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆 🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...
I was walking down the road one day
My encounter with the super natural
I am a gravehunter and i steal grave portraits for money. These are my stories.
Always Always Always Lock Your Doors
I Believed My Neighbour Was Sick, But I May Have Been Wrong
A horror story in which the protagonist must follow THE RULES (parody)
A face appeared on my wall and gets closer every night.
The Twisted Minds
My House is Haunted
My Son was Matched with the most Horrible Pen Pal
"Why I'm a Widow, And my Experience Being Degloved"
There’s a Giant Person in the Sky (final part
She gives her love with nothing in return. They mold it into a 6.66 ft steel chain to choke her. They dont want her to go completely unconsciousness but she is almost there. They then suspend her upside down from her ankles as if she is Harry Houdini. It is magic that she is alive. The blood rushes
... And The Violin Played On | Short Sisterly Horror Story
The whole world as turned into murder except one little boy named Jeremy Part 1
I slay monsters for a living. A tale of two monsters.
What The Cats Do When We're Not Home
It started with the skyI see them at night
To Build a Fire
A humanoid monster stalked my home and haunted my dreams.
We call it Shmegal
In my city, the bugbear comes every night
The Monster in my Room is Acting Weird (Part 4)
Oof
I'm an EMT. Some of my patients are dealing with this that mimic their diagnosis. I'm the only one who can tell.
We were attacked on a school trip
My house won’t let us leave. Not without a price.
The night Rudolph died
I read an old diary in a museum, and now there's an island I'm afraid of.
Journals of a Paranormal Detective: Journal 1 Part 1 —Case 54: The Door—
Condom Run - How Getting Rubbers Saved My Life
It called me to come back
Security guard journal template
The Nightmare Detectives: Lucid &amp; Lost (Part 1)
The hospital I'm in is under attack. We're locked in with the raiders. (Part 1)
The Red Man is real: The Violator
I got fired a month ago, my new job comes with some interesting clients.
Capture the moment (part 2)
A L L T A B O O . N E T is Sponsored by NoSleep
I starting recording a video on my phone while I was sleepwalking.
Life and Death of a Government Quarantine Victim
The Presence
Remember This the Next Time You Stumble Across a Path of Crushed Trees
Strange Dream I'm calling The Wish
I summoned a deamon, but it looks just like me. PART 1
I've died and have come to tell you all what happens
I've fallen madly in love with my abusive husband's cadaver.
The incident at the catacomb
Six is not a Lucky Number
My house won’t let me leave.
A Voice From Below (Part 1)
The day the world went silent
If The Belmont Hotel finds you, keep driving
I know a disturbing thing the US did in world war 2
New Authors and Story Narrations
My Deep Woods Experience - Part 2
I’m never running again
The Voice in the Drain
I blame serial killers for my killings
An Epilogue to My Raging Twenties
The text
No explanation
Lucy Makes Clocks
Notes from isolation experiment #1
Delusions
lost.dir
A Voice in the Shadows part 1 of 4: The Grim Reaper
My brother recently commited sucide. The contents of his journal are really messing with my head.
Something grabbed me and I’m home alone..
I woke up at school at 3 a.m. I wish I hadn't
I need some advice continued (2)
The Trailer  a.k.a. The Witch
Ritual beast
Ice Machine Downstairs
Spelunking in the Passage Cave System.
July 2020 contest nominations
My family was murdered and it wasn't me. I am not guilty.
DUNGEONS AND DARKNESS: Where the Dead Things Live
Don't Drink The Lake Water
I can’t tell what’s real any more PART TWO.
My town was wiped off the map, and you need to know why. (Part Three)
Night terrors
I survived an exorcism. What they tell you are lies.
A Personal Treachery Against God
tales from an unmarked town
For the Sake of Everything
Stories from my state that I think you'll like... Cause they're creepy lol
Scary thing is scary
Would you mind checking out my video
They said the Night of the Blood God was a myth, they were wrong...
what do you do with the suited men with bird skulled faces?
7 Miles to Salvation
My Muse Became My IncubusNumber 13
Real America
Atlantis is Real and It's All Around Us
Went to go smoke inawoods. Saw some shit.
I'm new to writing and I'm 15 so Constructive Criticism is greatly appreciated as long as you aren't being blatantly rude!
My Crochet Collection - December 16
Her name was Monika Jeppesen (Part 1)I'm stuck in an alternate reality.
True story: the time my girlfriends brother said something that shocked fear into me instantly
Do Not Go To The Valentine's Day Festival
They Chose to Breed
The Face of Evil
I think I sold my soul to the Devil.
She was alive.
Another Marine That Saw Weird Shit
Pylon Industries
My Encounters with the Supernatural or How I was forced to save lives.
Ori and the Will of the Wisps main theme
The Death of My First Dad
Pride Is A Deadly Sin
NoSleep Interview featuring spookyChorror!
Every summer my neighbour built a new scarecrow.
Galactic Ninjas Killed My Aunt.
aluminium-doors-and-windows-manufacturers-in-delhi
Hunt #1: The Arm-Muncher
Maternity Row: Cadaver City
Do your eyes have little floaters? Do yours also do this?
Florida Is Worse Than They Say
My cultist family is sending assassins to me
We open weird portals to the Underworld and pull the Damned out for cash
you can make your dreams come true
The Barn in the Woods
This is the story of Arthur Louis
My Quarantine Weight Loss!
A Week-Long Cruise to the Philippines
I see entities in my sleep, they’re getting even more dangerous
Grandpa Versus Dominoes
Did I really see Her?
Atop and in the Middle.
The Jesus Ouija Board (Pt 1)
There is something in the mountains of Stave Lake
I am 23 years old, but my mother hasn't given birth to me...
The ghost that haunted me for years for was replaced by something far worse.
Been seeing ufo for months (REAL)
Sorry but I’m not quite sure
Gothic erotic horror poems
We Didn't Know What We Were EatingYou can find infinite bliss at the center of Reverie Wood. But you must follow these rules in order to get there.
Handprint on my mirror
Groan...scratch...groan
I use 100% of my brain (1)
I met Michael Jackson the day before he died.
Who Visits a Grave on Halloween? (Part 2)
ritual of the seven sins
There's a Broken Dam in Colorado That You Should Stay Away From, Pictures Included
My family just moved into a new house, we found a strange set of rules to follow - pilot
Picture Perfect
The woods pt1
There's tapping on my closet door. Everyone's asleep and it's full of boxes.
I’m running out of time and need to get this message out
Crime in the 70's, as told by my Dad
How to regain trust after lying to a loved one
He will laughSpiritualist: Exploration notes of the past part 2
The Costume Under Her Skin
Blackdog - Transcriptions of A Lost YouTube Ghosthunting Show...
My elf on the self moved at night when I was a kid
The AT&amp;T Building Near my Home is Hiding Something
Existing or not
I do not think I will be allowed to stay here another night
My nightmares are getting worse...I’m scared I won’t survive them much longer
I pretended to me asleep.
I Went Down to the Crossroads and Met Something Worse than Satan
We shall reach for the stars and swallow them whole.
Strange letters
The Man Without The Face
The Neighbors from Hell
I Made A Grave Mistake
We All Scream for Ice Cream
CANCER VALLEY
The Hymn of Hard Luck
I'm about to burn the family cabin down, because my grandpa is turning into a rat and the trees hate me...and I just really need your support right now. December 6
Scary videos
My dog stares at window at 12 midnight
I think my ex is haunting me.
Deer Do Not Stand
China’s Coronavirus A “Fake” Crisis...
GLOBAL NOTICE ABOUT THE OUTBREAK
I left for work yesterday, now I'm trapped in my car. (Part 2)
I returned to my old home, this night had a ravenous chase and a hilarious end. (Part 4)
Why I Disposed of My Polaroid Camera
Has anyone else had a strange experience with their Number Neighbor?
Everything that is meaningless
The Days of The End. PART 1
Book 1:The Doctor
The Grand Masquerade
Has anyone seen the stairs beneath the hole?...
I am a student in paranormal phenomena.
Every hour wounds
A Grave Illness
flat eyes update
The Lightning Monster
What Roams in Blackwood
THE WORLD IS GOING TO END IN 6 DAYS!!!
Anime Turned my School into Pyschopaths
the thing- pt. 1
Dear Artists And Readers
The Merchant and their wares.
The cellar
Spook Face
I took a security job in a church, but now I can't leave (read the comments please)
My stepmother is trying to poison me
Did My Childhood Friend Try To Murder Me In The Woods? Or Was I Just Too High?
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 5)
If you live in the New England area, please don't turn out your lights
Miss Poppy Home For Girls: Lily (Pt 2)
They say 8 spiders crawl into our mouth while we sleep, every year. I don't know about that. All I know is that one night, I woke up as one crawled out.
My REAL ghost incounters
A dreadful malfunction.
I went camping with my wife and I finally left the woods . (Part 3)
I met something in the forest. It won't stop following me | nosleep
Take adult pills for your safety ,Remember safety first for your happy life
I discovered a radio show for a town that doesn't exist.
Manila
Zombie Dawn
I Heard A Rumor About Me, and I Wish I Chose Not To Work That Night.
I’m being hunted by a creature in the foothills of Tennessee
Terrified
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but the news won't cover it. Here's what happened.
Between the Boxes - Many Are Called, Few Are Chosen
I watched her brown eyes glimmer in the sunlight.
I've been possessed by a record player
Go to Sleep, or else
My grandfather told me something shocking on his deathbed
It came from the depths.
Midnight Buskers
Someone's stolen my skin and it ruining my life
There aren’t any mice in my house, and I’m terrified.
I'm a Float MA and today I worked in Dermatology..
The Strangest Roommate I've Ever Had
Do you know him?
Fortnite horror story. (OOO VERY SCAWY)
Reoccurring Nightmares
Please don't buy a nightlight... here's why
The voices in my head
I Watched Somebody Die On the Dark Web. I Think I'm Next.
My father become something from a nightmare
The day I saw it. The end of the world. Released and owned by Company *Expunged*, released by Operative *Expunged*.
No one knows what happens down at the first hill..
Voices in the Snow
I found a portrait of a faceless man. It was a painting of myself.
Why the hell was Craig pricked Part 1
Traveling Particle by Particle PART 3 The Human Subject
Everyone is Asleep...
Don't trust your senses.
My grandmother was murdered for a tea set
I'm Helping My Family Clear Out My Grandparent's House. I Think They Were Hiding Something.
My regular customer only wants one thing
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 5/Final)
I'm trapped somewhere, and I don't think I'm getting out.
I used FaceApp, which shows what you'll look like when you're old. I saw something horrifying.
My Nudist horror story.
It Lives At Night, It Walks At Night
My Dad is dead, and I think I've killed my therapist.
Hell on Earth (Part 1)
My childhood things my mom taught me
Just drink
Something Beneath the Floorboards
Channel 666
Transmission 1
I Snuck Into The Closed Off Part Of The Disney’s Utilidors
I dared my friends to hunt me down.
We lost some time
Tony's Kingdom by Jake M.M. Griffin and Fionnán O'Riordan
Happy Birthday to you!
the city is on a rampage
Being held captive by a serial killer, not a joke
I got locked in detention, it was on the last day of that school being open before it was abandon
Cupcakes (Part 1)
My "friend" won't leave, and it's going to kill me
He knows something.
Don't follow the cat
Another Short Update From a Police Officer in a Former Colonial Town
I saw my neighbor on the dark web and I don’t know what to do
Dr. Fugazi will change your life. Pt 1
Crypto Tab
Face
Escaping from the Silly Smiles Cult
Nikolai - the beginning
The Witch and the Cave (Part 2)
we have a rat problem
As a 911 operator, this call terrified me
Seeing faces in everything
Cat Sitting: Part 1 of 2
Cut the tie
Theodore
The man:Chapter 2
River Flood (part 2)
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. I think there's a demon here (Part 6)
I’m a cop serving in the Yukon who was called to protect a Girl claiming to be hunted. I think this whole town is going to die.
my grandmother was left without a head
I've discovered something...
I'm stuck in a jungle for my birthday, one of my friends is dead, and I really think I need help.
Old Friend
My twin brother and I are hunters. We sought out the Mistress.
My Biggest Regret
I figured out how to age myself but now I've made things so much worse
My demonic professor.
Necrogamy冥婚
The Silver Savior (if you want more just let me know with upvotes)
If You Give Him A Tooth, He'll Play You A Memory
I need help!! Desperately, I might be going insane!!!
The Pale Ones - A Spelunking Story (Part 1: The Cave Mouth)
Have you ever gone to your grandfather's house, and have you felt that something is not right?
Last night was the worst night of the rest of my life.
It Happens After Midnight
Advice for ending my life
There is a path that never ends in the woods behind my house. Recently, I’ve started mapping it.
I almost drowned when sleepwalking and need advice on stopping escape attempts in the future
Pissing out of my assPossibly Stalked by a family annihlator.
There's something in the woods around the cabin
The Empty House on Route 666
Possible Stigmata
I want to be your friend.
One Fear
pls
I work on the governments early warning system. Everybody needs to get inside, right now.
Obsession is Destruction
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 12)
It's been 4 hours since the school's lockdown, and I don't think the teachers outside are still my teachers.
I should've left the house before my imaginary friend got too clingy
Manson's Missing Man
The Curious Case of Baby Jeanie
My roommate nightmare.
A statue at the Beitish Museum made a man disappear
A murder at the gas station
I think something's here.
My Dog Summoned A Demon
Blackpool Bay
I Killed My Best Friend.
I feel like I'm being followed
Everyone who buys my paintings is dying
The Cabin in The Woods
Flight Recorder pt 1 - a blog excerpt
This is you from October 13th, 2019. Please read if you've forgotten about the game.
Melody of the Arcade. (Part 2)
Squatter
A Wormhole was seen Five Miles above Glacier National Park
Your Penis Isn't What You Think it Is
What They Are Doing At This Christian Camp Is Not Normal, And Sharing This Story Is Going To Get Me On There Watch List
True gentlemen drink their scotch at room temperature
We Were Chased By Dolls... It Gets Weirder (Part 9)
No sleep story Joe the killer
The lowest you've every been in your life
We Bought Trackmaster Lady At Ebay, But Then Strange Thing Happening
I've seen a man witness true virtual reality. He didn't remember what he experienced, but begged us to let him in again.
Since I was a kid, I have lived in the same house, so naturally, I have gotten used to the everyday things that happened there, the mysterious scratches that appeared on the siding, mysterious gouges in the doors, I only noticed a problem when I moved my wife and my daughter into the house....Part 2
The Mannequin in the Women’s Fitting Room
Shitfaced
So this happened to me a few years ago...
I work as a supermarket security guard but not for the reason you would think: first day on the job
My Workplace is a front for something strange: Part 2
My crush
The Creature in the Void
The Diary of Prisoner #7589
The Joy Of Creation
The Man on the Moon
Toybox V: Princess and The Queen
The sunlight
We keep finding bodies in the Morning Slough
i keep hearing knocks in my walls at 3am
SNUFF - Mother
Grief Eater
I haven't slept in 3 days lool
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 7: Further Void Layer Exploration Funding
Hank Elkins was executed for murdering my family. His work isn't done.
The Unknowable Ones, Part 1
The Holly Jolly Cult
No one in my family has lived past the age 29...and now I know why. (Part Three)
My Work as a Therapist Part 1: Intro &amp; Nightmares
The Tattooed Man
I Live At The North Pole(Finale)
I’ve been Homesick before. But lately I think my body is physically drawing me home.
Kingston Case Files
The Barber
Alum Rock
The Case of Daniel Hardings (Finale)
I learned my lesson. I need your help
Who is it?
phantom alarms
Infinity
I am in a somewhat dream that I am trapped in
Something in the Mist
Never, EVER use Q-Tips to clean your ears
The countryside is a weird place.
My town is a little strange (part 4)
Update: My Daughter’s Body is Stuck Inside a Wall
My best friend wrote me a note, he died when he was 11 (part 2)
I moved into a new apartment and I think my neighbor is a serial killer. Help.
Scarred
Missing people in Alaska
I Love My Sisters
Riverview Mental Hospital Coquitlam BC ABUSE
There was something horrible lingering in those woods
Легион Йосефа.
The Cabin I'm renovating has a secret commune.
Shadow creatures of Alberta pt1
Anita Lee's Diary
fans of Creativity James Wang, your day has come, join the community https://www.reddit.com/r/UniversalJamesVan/comments/kwktwz/runiversaljamesvan_lounge/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
It starts with an itch...
This is why I don't go hiking...
PSA: Always lock your car doors, I learned the hard way.
The MBTA Tunnel Incident of 1997
do not delete.
The Bewitching Tree
My Strange Padlet Conversation
My r/nosleep story.
The Dream Room (Part 2)
I sat there... Soaked in my own blood. Why did I touch the Mirror?
There’s a lot more to worry about in Rural Wyoming than wild animals.
If you hear a lullaby at your nightshift, RUN
The baby dollBloody Marry
My wife and I found out that the child we had fostered is actually our biological child
Story no.1
NoSleep Interview with Mandahrk!
Night Time Visitor
My neighbor is standing on his front lawn, staring at my house. He's been there for several hours.
The funeral has passed and the time for laughter has begun... Returning here was a bad idea. (Part 3)
There is something outside, it is seeking revenge.
Shapes In The Deep
The Dumpy Unleashes
I took a job as a night security guard at a medical facility, on a secluded island just off-shore. If I'd have known the kind of work they did out on that island, I never would have taken the job...
I Hunt the Things that Go Bump in the Night part one: Lets get this off my chest.
I recently got a job at a college there was a strange set of rules (part 1)
Every time I fall asleep in the dark I wake up somewhere else
I’m a Psychologist, and This Case is Why I don’t do Family Therapy Anymore (Part 2)
Why I can never return to the Swiss Alps (part 1)
I've always had bad luck, until i sold my soul to a demon in my sink (Part 1)
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican’s secret library.
Something Wicked
I work at S.E.T.I. We received a terrifying extraterrestrial message.
We all thought it was the flu
There's Something in the Fireworks.
IPHONE VIRUS/GLITCH
Accidentally Summoned some Demons
Nicholsons Orphanage
My Family's Heirloom of Rag Dolls
The Ghost of an Admiral
Slaughterhouse 16
Weird things happened to my gf and I while at my dad's place
The Itch Fish
The Burned Photo
There is an app called COPë and I think you'd like it
The Black Crystal Heart
Mother's day gift voucher.Get a $100 Walmart Gift Card!
Strange things are happening at a brick house in the middle of Indiana
Ran out of oxygen scuba diving bottom of murky lakeI've Been Having Disturbing Dreams. I Think They Kill People
The green fields
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated. (Part 5)
A mothers vengeance for her abducted child. (Fantasy)
My friend took a flight to Australia, but I think she ended up somewhere else and might be in danger
I Was Hired To Sleep Through A Porn Shoot And I Don't Know What Happened But It Definitely Wasn't Porn
Don’t you dare look out your window when you hear the taps.
The Crimson House (Part One)
Tales from a Traveler
The Worst of Many Worlds
Not a normal Saturday
My town's urban legend is real and I met him!
Im scared of sleeping because of the sleep paralysis
The girl in the Bookshelf
Phantasmagoria
I saw a snuff film on Halloween once
When I was 15, I ran away, and something chased me PART 2
My doormat keeps moving.
I Met An Evil Spirit On My Family's Farm Ten Years Ago
I'm living my life backwards.
Your Call
My Scariest Experience
The forest saved my life, but I don't know why
The First and Final Transmission
Help me: I don’t know what to do
After this I'm not babysitting again
On My Bed Is The Dragon F'real Though
October 2019 Winners!
My brother was dying. I took him to a farmer who is known to be a healer. Now I think he might be dangerous.
I live in Brooklyn and I've been picking up a weird radio broadcast through my broken headphones.
The Spite I Felt, the Spite I Loved, the Spite He Won't Forgive
I woke up in the middle of the night. I heard something downstairs.
The Undying Patient -BAMC, SATX-
Operation Exile - BREACH - Part 11
I went out last night
I don't know if this qualifies for the subreddit but, first post go easy on me. I'd love any feedback
I thought I hated humanity, until a ghost of the future showed me something much worse
Where's my brother?
I witnessed a Virus far worse than COVID-19
I work as a security guard for a company that takes jobs no one else will
A Vengeful Spirit Cursed my Mother's Place
My Diabolical Self • Part 15: Brandon
The McDonnel Cemetery
Be Respectful in Cemeteries
Something's Wrong in Philadelphia
The previous homeowner left a strange note about this neighborhood
I Know What I'll Do When I Become Immortal
To author who wrote about being a cop and a case from 15 years ago disappearing to everyone but yourself and the mother.. I can't remember your name but really want to know what happened...
Someone keeps writing cryptic messages on the bathroom stall (Part 2)
We got our artistic son a pottery set, he seems to have gotten a bit more.....creative with the clay
Camping Encounter
I’m sorry if I sound stupid, but these stories are false, right?
What is a story?
I see human shadows on the wall, but when I turn around there is nothing.
Some Friends and I Took the Job of Night Security for Our Local Mall. We Found a Set of Rules That are Going to Get Us Killed. (2)
IMPULSE- A KILLER'S MINDSET (Part 1)
Just figured this out
Strange encounter in central park
"The Rules for Museum Safety After Dark"
Don’t Trip.
I thought my daughter’s imaginary friend was harmless, now I need some advice.
(part 0) I'm a "computer guy" for some very bad people. I stole a *lot* of money, and now I have to escape during a damn pandemic.
I'm here. No idea where, or how, but I am here.
There’s something wrong with my house (REAL)
I Drive The Ice Cream Truck of Lost Souls (part 1)
The real definition of being alone in the wilderness
The Substance
No one shouldn't have a funeral.
Not Alone ?
Lickety Split
I was backpacking on the Pacific Crest trail. I won't be returning.
"GET OUT OF HERE!" His wife and children screamed from the window. "WE DON'T WANT YOU HERE ANYMORE!"
I lost all of my friends 8 years ago today... only they never died truly
Scary Drive with friends
I just inherited a haunted house, and the spirits are reacting to my indecent exposure
Yes, Iggy?
It's 9:20 in the morning.
Window tapping
I'm so fucking scared, I don't know what to do! Please send help!
Exactly 5 months ago in South Korea, I met a man running from monsters
Smashing Your Friends With Amy! That’s me!
Spin the bottle
New podcast
they’re back
Door to Nowhere (Part 2)
The nun in my mirror (PART 1)
Earth has a new visitor.
Kitty sticker
I think my sister went to another dimension
In the Dark Places
The Rat King
DREAM
'I went hiking with friends,something followed us home...'
30 Years Ago I Found a Body, Now I Need Some Advice
Weatherman predicts a black flower of nightmares
RQXZ-T34
I Keep Pulling Off VR Headsets
That Red Room - My memoirs of a trip to Alaskan Village in 2012
The Witch of The Woods
Upon starting my new job, I received a mysterious set of rules. I deliberately broke all of them.
There's a sign at the lake that says "Don't feed the ducks!" I didn't listen, but now I wish I had.
Mysterious TV Channel
I have to get my wisdom teeth out at 7:30am and it’s 1 am so I’m pretty screwed when it comes to sleep. When I lay down and close my eyes I have extreme anxiety and My brain won’t shut off. Helpppp
Lone Star Rising
I keep to myself on the bus nowadays
I didn't kill my neighbor's wife.
Swallow the sprinkles of joy
I still don't know who came home that night.
I ran out of friends today
The Glass Cage Pt. 2
The Face of Hell
Theraphosa Hominidae
I hate kids.
NEVER GO INTO STRANGE CABINS AT NIGHT (PART ONE)
My time as a counsellor at Camp Amberwood
I answered an invitation from someone I forgot existed. Not I have to find an old man who didn't forget anyone.
E
Don't ignore the creaking floorboards in the attic
The Camping Experience
"THE STRANGER IN THE WOODS!"
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules has appeared that I must follow forever. Part 2
Here Be Monster’s
He would have done anything for you
(Part 4) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. "Thomas" isn't very happy...
I complained to the manager and got a horrifying response
Creatures are in my house, trying to find me
Hello my name is officer Richard Jackson and this is my story.
Childhood dreams The "paper people"
My Last Post.
My maths teacher hated me so much that he said he is going to give me awards and recognition for my achievements
the night everything changed...
Dr. Tarsal is a Genius with his Hands
The darkest feeling of my life
Help im going to die eaten by a rust moster
Our Time is Limited...
You're Addicted Too
AMA ask an immortal of 15 years
My lab is home to something that shouldn't exist .
We were told never to eat the expired peanut butter sandwiches...
Dreams that repeat and repeat, no matter how hard I try to deny them.
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea.
Need help finding a new story/book/podcast
“Teachers please lock your doors we are on lockdown, this is not a drill”
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I just got caught.
The jungle I was stuck in gave me horrifying memories, and some secrets I wish I didn't know.
I met my killer through an app I found on the dark web. TRIGGER WARNING
Inter-dimensional window
I Robbed the Wrong house...
There exists a room where physical laws don't behave how they should. I regret ever having a hand in its creation.
Beware the Jabberwock
‘Twas the Final Night After Christmas everything came to an end
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. Some weird things are going on (Part 2)
Something Is Talking Through My Fan
There are bodies being buried on the moon. NASA won't tell us why.
I found a tunnel at the end of a forestry service road on no maps and in no records that leads into a mountain with no exit, and thats not the weirdest part.
A Demonic Possession on Lake Bisteneau
Mom always says, "don't talk to ghosts".
Aliens all around
Where the cursed Bugs Bunny meme originated...
Dont Believe The Voices
Worship
It's Getting To Be Too Dark (Part Two)
My little story (real)
Something lives beneath City Gate
My Great Great Grandfather Served in WWI but I wasn't Allowed to Read His Diary, I Now Know Why
The Scariest Dream I've Ever Had
I found this letter addressed to my mom
I killed a Shadow Man or at least I think I did
MLM
My friend asked me to transcribe his sleep patterns
My leg has been replaced with a HORRIBLE THING and now everyone is CONSPIRING to make me think I’m INSANE
No, I don't understand
You Must Sleep
might i recommend trying to write stories that don't seem like there bs in the first few sentences :D
Once in a lifetime opportunity
My Relocation Story
The Reverse Voodoo Doll
We found something terrible in space
I’m not supposed to go on Reddit, but I need help. The Secret Man keeps whispering to me, and I want him to stop.
Mrs Sternin
I am the last speaker of a forbidden language
I found a portal to another dimension?
My Paranormal Excperiences
If you give up your magic and a life you can travel to another world.
There's my friend! Peeking from that room, mommy!
My boss tried kill me but his brother died first
Headspace
People run away from me. I just want friends.
My wife and I finally had date night, but I don't think we'll be going out again anytime soon
What is her name?
The night shift that ended the way I never thought it would.
Tell me, tell me what you want to
It's outside my house.
The Smile
I met some horrifying creatures in the psych ward
I’m stuck in a restaurant bathroom with no way out
A Gift From the Far Realm
I was part of a reality survival based tv show. The footage will never air.
I Am An Exorcist And These Are My Stories Chapter Four.
Emotional Support Canadians are NOT What you think.
Something weird is happening.
The Butt of the Joke
I work for a small newspaper, doing a report on a time capsule, what I found inside is terrifying (pt 2, 2006)
I saw bloody mary in my living room when i was young
The Records of Sam Parks - Plastic Daddy
Weird coincidence
We Kidnapped A Girl For Ransom. I Still Regret It. PART 2
Death told me that it wasn't time to go yet
Do you want to build a snowman? ☃️
Live Entity Summoning
Foul Farm.
The eviltree in the woods
There's a hidden world in the light, and a terrifying one in the dark
I think God has stopped listening to my prayers
Beware of Yogis
Madison ivy the porn witch
Looking for an episode story!!!
My best friends little sister is weird.
I thought I was experiencing anaesthetic awareness. It was so much worse than that.
Boof
I do under the table, shady jobs for people. You might say I'm a "problem solver." My most recent job was my last one for a while.
My name is Nemesis...
Our House.
I work at a Mental Hospital; Strange Things Have Been Happening... (PART TWO)
Found some creepy-cool tapes about Showbiz Pizza Place and decided to transcribe them—Part One
I'm a lumberjack and the town I just moved to is trying to run me out
My Daddy
Lasik surgery took my color vision, but it gave me something else.
Wtf is a lime scooter haunting me
The Gift Exchange
Something living in my walls?
OUR GHOST LIKES IT COLD
Between the Boxes
My Deal With A Beast
Special Forces Story
This is to good(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBooOmnXVoY)
Zephyr Strauss
The Man in the Hat
something weird happened today
For all of my life I was blind
We Interrupt You Yet Again
This is a story i wrote on word for creepy pasta what do u you guys think?
I'm pregnant and fingers keep popping out of my belly button
I used to love the winter
Don't Visit Monument Valley Alone, PT. 2
My dog learned how to speak. He’s told me some unsettling things…
Nah
I was the Commanding Officer of a Special Operations Task Force. The sound of bouncing balls still gives me trauma.
My Name is Everly Mae and I've Done Something Terrible
My dog summoned a demon
The Cow
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. : The Swallows Wrath.
I work at a private museum for the rich and famous. Don’t bring your kids here.
Somebody help me...
my first post i cant think of a title lol this was just made up i hope u like this story
I bought alive ancient creature for 42 bucks
Eerie Night
STATIC (End)
The Shimmering Tree
Humans are so.. odd.
I got a new little Brother!
Don't trust them. please.
You see the Mark. Part Two.
This is real no joke
A gloomy night turned into a modern horror story.
Idea
ALL EIGHTEEN LIVES OF OMEN, THE CAT
A stranger is just a friend you haven’t met yet
Don't Touch the Rose
New creepypasta/SCP channel suggested authors
Some buildings need to stay abandoned, part two
Hello everyone !! Can you all support my small youtube channel, please? I work very hard to create a community here on Reddit, a place where people can come together to study and motivate each other. Hope you all appreciate it and lend me a helping hand :)
Locker 136 (part 1)
Sounds in the Maze
A journal of tragic tales. Part two
Tree House
I Hunt Reverse Vampires: Two Boots
My name is Alex and I am trapped please send help
Security call log: Feb 27th, 2017, Unknown Origin
Awkwardest moment
I Noticed Something Strange About This Road On My Work Commute and I Think Someone Tried to Follow Me Home (Part 1)
Pink Eyes
My mom was always a weird person. Now I know why.
The Chronicles of the Graveyard Management Team - Papa can you hear me?
A follow up to my last post
The Bathtub Diaries
The Lover Who Killed
Dreams Are Deadly
Would "noclip" be the right term with a hospital elevator? My trip to the Floors-Between-Floors
The Drowned Village
My son keeps having nightmares of clowns in the living room. Today I saw them too
Help! I’ve been looking everywhere for some stories I’ve read once a long time ago about a lamp store? And how each lamp the person has to pick who the bad luck goes to? I just want to read the rest of the series please help!
My Friend sally likes to climb on the end of my bed but there’s no ladder there
Having the time of my lifeThere was a Crying Child Under the Canal
We think we know where my sister is. I hope we're wrong- UPDATE
That time i saw the little girl with black hair.
ALPHA TEST:::7-D631
Scream from the forest
A Simple Request from the Neighbours
The Smell You Wear
The Kid
The Kid Down The Road Likes To Play With Grass
Im a Ghost: Part 1 : Birth of a Ghost
The cats weren’t in my room
I'm not sure what time I fell out
4 Percent Repost
I thought I was too old for treasure hunts, turns out I was too young.
My parents had a strange rule(part 2): I dolorez....
Don't Tempt Fate 3 - The Slippery Noose
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’?
This actually happened to me today.
An excerpt from a book I'm working on called 24665 Trask Rd, Tillamook, OR.
I just introduced a monster into the real world
There's a door in my house that's only visible under blacklight
I'm being followed by a guy around town and I have no idea who he is. (p1)
I ordered a Halloween mask online. Now someone is stalking me--wearing the same mask.
Another Ghost?
Julieen
Freeing Monsters
My Unorthodox Vault Journal experiences
Need answers
Don't Stare Out The Window
My house ghost told the future!
Changelings
the truth about the lost city of atlantis
Void
Tales From The Diner - Part 5 - The Leshy Incident
An online friend became an obsessed stalker
If someone you know seems taller than they were before: STAY AWAY!
I wonder what would the state of Reddit be if negative Sub-votes meant the same as Upvotes.
Seeking out personal paranormal encounters!
Incident in Quimper
Seven Excerpts from the Kadath Expedition
my sister got a phone call from our dead mother
A sketchy chat app has been rising in popularity, and I found out why. (Part 1)
Vet techs see some weird stuff
i was kidnaped by something that looked like my friend
Everyone in my family is assigned an hourglass when they are born. Pt.2
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six C
Have you ever wondered if theres multiple realities? Well there is.
It Smiled Back
I think my neighbors might be vampires.
I've always hated mirrors
My principal spared my life. I wish he hadn’t (part 2)
Tenk å være faren til datteren sin
the forth astronaut
What TRULY Happened During The Seminal Tragedy
Woman in my room?
My name is soldier 15 part two.
My recurring past life dream
Everyone knows the bees are disappearing. Only I know where they’re going.
Can someone explain or help with this,i never understand what happened
I am being followed by a lady we call Martha
Afterparty
Nevenagel
Have you ever asked yourself why trees are sometimes surrounded by fences? Have you ever wondered if that might… anger them?
Someone or something is watching me
No History Of Mine
Memoirs of a Balancer - Not Quite Dead
A Hanging Man Said Hello to Me Today
Experimental Addiction Cure
Paper thin walls
I blew three times the legal limit. What's really troubling? I don't drink.
The Ever-Growing House
Pills from the Drugstore (Pt2)
that is not my girlfriend, not anymore
The Two Princes Island
The more you research, the better it gets
Night at a hotel.
The story of Milo Johnson.
I couldn’t understand what I was seeing. My right arm was just... gone, right where it met my shoulder.
We could've died
I now know why my daughter kept waking me up.
I stole a pair of enchanted shoes. Now I'm paying the price.
Often, I still visit my ex-girlfriend.
The black widow hotel grants you one wish. I discovered spiders can give you a second chance at life. PART 3
Does a bully deserve to die?
"demon summoning 101"
Rose Petals
Chemical frog outside
I think I know what actually dying is like
Im being pulled into the matrix
The Family (PART 2)
My urologist put a creature in my balls. Part 1.
The Dream VR
If you see the Polaroid 635, run
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Ten)
Whispers from silver frogs warned me my grandmother would die. Part 1
Subject Ω
It's Not Supposed to Be Like This
It Is 6PM? Isn't it.... Don't read alone.
I’ve been having strange dreams and other problems.
I am a ParaMedic, doing search and rescue for humans involving dimensional phenomenon (Part 3)
Do not trust The System
The green (fake story)
My Great Grandmothers Piano
I recently met my long lost twin. He is rather strange
The woods of Cape Noesc Maine.
A Long Haired Girl in White Dress Sat in the Backseat while We Were Driving
PARIS: A CURSE COMES TO THE CITY OF THE CATACOMBS
Grandpas old bomb shelter
The Alpha
My dog, Mr Midnight
I left Kashmir with an extremely heavy heart ...
I’ve finally figured out why I’m such a failure, and it isn’t pretty
the infinite IKEA
To My Old 4th Grade Classmates in Mrs. Barther’s Biology Class. It's Coming For Me, Please Help.
A scratching of a key has appeared on my mirror. It acts as a gate, to the world beyond.
You're not the real "you." You've been dead for centuries. I can explain.
I’ve always wondered about the afterlife
ANTHOLOGY PODCAST SUBMISSION
Grandpas Ashes
I found a jar of teeth at our North Korean AirBnB
The never ending walk home
Wumpa Fruit
Wealth Disparity and how it exacerbates crises.
I've been getting letters from my biggest fan, but I'm not famous
I can’t tell what’s real anymore
Don't Insult Your Reflection
My phone downloaded a file containing a picture I wish I never saw.
Two psychopaths in love (part 1)
Something followed us that night... and it wasn't human.
I saw his face
Jack-Out-of-the-Box
I heard a thud,Now it's coming..
Knock knock, who's there?
To Become Whole
A Story About My Unpaid Labor
In Light,
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, but humanity has a way of making stupid decisions
There is nobody left /log1\
The 'Room Service' - Granny's Pension #3
I found a mask made of flesh in my grandpa's attic. Now I'm in a face-off against an eldritch deity trying to devour the very memory of our reality. I've had better days.
Something is following me, but it never looks like the same person twice
Waking up outside plus dark nightmares
I think I got a cursed tattoo
You'll get it... Eventually.
The first birthday party I ever went to.
Something odd Is happening in Boise
The Depression Project
I want to do awful things to people
My second day at Disney World and something's wrong with the Godmother. (1)
A last farewell
Weird stuffs happen at my house
It comes at night
An Old Sailor Sits on my Porch Every Night
I had a rough night at work.
I was just trying to learn how to ask for help
The beginning
I Made A Mistake, Please Set Me Free, Or I Will Be Trapped in Misery
The Jesus Ouija Board (Part 4 - FINAL)
I don’t want to be immortal
SATAN'S LITTLE SOULS
The Man of the Future
Please, send help(this is happening)
Jackson vill
I saw his death.
I use to work as a babysitter,but I will never again
September 20th
Mama's Boy
That basement is living. Each room just gets weirder. Parts I and II
The Journal
Do you hear the sirens? Entry 1
The Secrets of the Starlight Hotel
The charade killer
LRRPs - War Stories pt. 1
Trench Man
I saw something in my room what happens next will shock you.
A thing is stalking me at night
The Last Words of Contestants
I Believe the Airbnb I’m Staying in Belongs to A Serial Killer
If You Are Contacted by a Podcast Called 'World of the Macabre,' Don't Submit to Them
Canvas
Coyotes Scream like People
I let my dog out the other night. I have no clue what I let back in.
My Alarm Clock
The funeral
Don't ignore your mind.
I Should Have Listened to My Grandma(1st story, pls be kind :))
I Hung Hallowe'en Lights in my Apartment; Now Everywhere Else Looks Wrong
Don't Turn Around
I’m stuck in a parallel universe, It’s been too long since I’ve been here
I am suffering from a sandwich addiction
It Came From Another World: PART 1
My and my friends unleashed a monster on our town
my own creepypasta
I really hated cloudy days back then - More about Toothy
I have 6 months
I hate my life
The Sight and the Sun
Do not call the police
Personal Hell
My missing daughter came back to me...
Sewer Shadows
Tiny Technology eBussy
I hope my cousin made up this campfire story
i think
Joy.
King of Bones
I Work as an Animal Control Officer for a Small Town, and I Think it's Time to Find a New Job
Compiled Notes On The Athena Project
I have been stuck in my house for 10 days
I was saved by sex workers (Part One)
Book Sale!
The Shadows Remain Untamed, The Darkness Remains Unconquered.
I have insomnia
A Weird Player in My Minecraft Server Helped Me Realize A Horrible Truth.
I wasnt his fault
My last breaths.
Sweet revenge (a story within a story with a valuable lesson)
Bizarre things from 55 Gypsy LN
I talk to the one who watches me sleep
I was invited to babysit and they had some very weird rules.  (Hopefully)
They All Deserved It
Every night that it rains, a spiralling staircase appears in my room. Tonight, I’ve decided to climb it.
My Grandma's House has rules for the whole week
I think I'm being cornered
My friend got trapped... we got him out but he’s still there
A simple safety tip for using public bathrooms at night
My neighbor is up to something really weird
Everyday is a mirage
My grandmother passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I've done something unforgivable, and now I don't feel so well. I feel like I'm losing control.
I shouldn't have let my curiosity get the better of me, how am I alive?
The Floating Family
The Death
We all wear masks
My grandfather's drunken confession
The year is 2040. There have been riots in the streets of London after Britain has run out of petrol because of an oil crisis in the Middle East
Bolwin's Chronicles: The Horror in the Himalayas.
My Last Pizza Delivery Trip Ended in an Unexpected Trip to Hell
The Big Bad Wolf🐺
She’s staring at him
The man who stalks you
The 12 times I thought about strangling someone
Why I never lie
Why I'll never go trick-or-treating again
There's something wrong with the monkeys (Part 1)
I study forbidden and 'cursed' media (part 4): Distortions on the set of Hat Trick
I don’t know who these people are, but they aren’t my parents
I was not ready to face the truth, until now.
The Walking Fed
Just run and don't stop jeremy
I was a music journalist
If you live in Texas, Do NOT press the “Seek button on your radio at night (Part 2)
Please talk to your kids about their school buses when you have to work
The Follower
Welcome to Mercury Valley!
Grey
Has Anyone Heard This Song? I Can’t Find It Anywhere. (Part One)
The Halloween Assignment
I adopted a wierd thing and i dont know what it is
AITA for lying to my sister’s fiancé about where she was on their wedding day?
Our sun is a prison and it is failing.
I found an abandoned town and I regret it: Chapter 1
It's been 4 hours since the school's lockdown, and I don't think the teachers outside are still my teachers. (Part - 2)
Grandpa taught us not to poach
People Can't Run That Fast
I think my house is haunted but I’m not sure
Some doors shouldn’t be opened, part one
I met the Devil 70 years ago
I've experienced horrifying things, but have repressed them.
i saw someone else’s life flash before my eyes?
Do you know who lives in your house? An Elyse Knowles Series
The Man in The Black Static
"If they knock twice, don't answer." - My Brother's Diary.
My family is being terrorized by a copycat
I saw something in the corn
The life of a real 'psychic'
My mom just bought something off the Internet. I'm pretty sure it's going to kill us all.
I went on a murder rampage, but trust me it wasn't meI went on a murder rampage, but trust me it wasn't me
My wife and I purchased a Smart Home. We should have read the fine print.
The Horror at the Cabin
Just a question not a story
I found a redroom/live torture website ( http://killwitheva.tk ). They don't kill humans, but cats mainly. Operated by a lady named Eva. Recent video features a cat getting its head crushed by Eva. Please report it to the https://report.cybertip.org/ and share this message.
I Received A Letter Today And Fate Always Catches Up With You (Part2)
The babysitter came well recommended.
Pillowcase Tunnel
The world is a horrifying place full of horrifying things.
The Whispering Wood
Scariest thing to wake up to...
We went camping but found something wrong
Eight Ways to Paradise: The First Step (part 3 - Final)
The Ikea Experience (This is my first story so sorry if it's bad)
The Everglades Mysteries
This morning the doors to our apartment complex were welded shut. I'm starting to think that it was a good idea.
The World Is Ending and Nobody Believes Me (Part One)
The red planet ( Mars)
I was asked to investigate the Slime man
Secret Sleepover
There is No Third Floor
Someone In my attic.. scared
Where the Lightning Dances to the West
I found an old book full of modern fairytales. This is #1: Teeth Fairies.
Mirror Mirror
If you're reading this I'm probably dead
Everyone keeps dying
Facing My Fears
There are creatures all around us but we don't know it
My Skull Is Leaking
In response to a recent surge in local missing persons cases, "Centering the Soul: The Practice of Sikkim Meditation" will no longer be available for checkout at the Castor Library
Never stay on your back to your room with the lights off. You can be the next...
Drip.
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado?
Ouija boards are not to be messed with...
Sunshine Motel
The Chinese Room Recursion: &gt;./experience seed=MARA.txt
I think there’s something haunting my town, or at least my family
My dad's hitchhiking experience in the 90's
I'f I'm Going Out, It Ain't Gonna Be Here...
Vallée d’Espoir Psychiatric Hospital Rules
I heared a strange noise all day
Whatever it says, don't respond, it'll come for you too...
I died this morning. I was buried yesterday.
"Skin" Part 1
Something Is Wrong With My Local In-N-Out.
Can't sleep...
My Monster Family: Zeus, the Father (Part One)
Nacked With Me
My Microwave Did Something Bad
I lost my friend to a drunk driver. This is my story. (Part 1)
I think I'm being hunted down by an idealized version of myself.
I guess everybody left this joint
I lost my parents at an early age, and I finally found out the truth.
Around the corner
Nuclearbomber
I’m being charged with murder. I didn’t even do anything.
The wavering (A phenomenon)
The blessing and the positives that the corona virus has brought to civilization
The girl in the forest
A Hollow
Lucid Dreams and an Ocean Full Of Nightmares.
Hello, both of your arms and legs are about to be torn from your body.
I wish I knew what Fear felt like
The Dream Journal
Why I don’t visit the woods in my backyard anymore
I think there someone else inside me (Part 1)
I am a World-Famous Artist. My secret is I Use My Victims Blood to Paint.
BriarcliffMy Foster Brother is a former assassin or something... Day 3-4
I think my stuffed animals hate me.
I keep hearing voices in my sleep and I can feel them
There is something seriously wrong with my dog.
Demon (Part Five)
Working at an amusement park: today was a huge letdown
👶 BABY COLIC 🍼
i ToOk A jOb At McDoNalDs I sHouLdNt have
My one night stand gave me something, and it wasn't an STD.
My new school gets rid of anyone who doesn’t maintain A+ grades. (Part 1)
The Night I Nearly Sold a Potential Murder Weapon
Go to sleep
İnsanlardan uzak Sentineller Kabilesi
I will never see Christmas the same again
Sarah and Peter
BeeZong the Clown $75/h reviewed by katherine188 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Amateur Comedy Night
I'm here to tell you about the fox. If you hear the accordion music, you're going to die.
It was the first time I killed a man
The Woods Are Always Dangerous at Night
Non-Binary
On a Halloween in 1958, the population of Crowsford went missing, and nothing was found but black sludge. This is my confession to what I did that night.
Have A Good Saturday
Backyard forest P1
Town of the Sleeping Monster
Stranger in the house
Is there an Uber helpline for this
the story of the boy
The All-Blind Laboratory
My tv screamed
Oh shit, I just coughed
Somebody at my university is uploading strange recordings from a lecture theatre that doesn’t exist
The grey man in the tree
Harvey the Duck
I didn't order anything from Amazon...but something came to me.
I Survived Hell on Earth (Part 4)
I'm a therapist, and my patient is intentionally infecting strangers with HIV
The Bogeyman Is Real, and He Wants to Eat My Soul (Part 1)
?!?What happened with/to The Strangest Security Tape I've Ever Seen?!?
I'm stuck on an endless train track
I Found My Parents Sex Tape, Something Doesn't Make Sense
This dream has been haunting me since I had it so I need to write it down.
There was a building in my hometown and no one knows what it was used for
goodnight
Marcie and Me
I Work For The Darabont County Archives S02 - Part One
The Traveling Circus
The Disappearance of Little Marcus - Final Part
Part 2: Something strange is going on at my place of work and no one seems to notice.
I'm an Army Reservist, and some weird things have been going on in my Home Province
My emails are starting to terrify me
The Thing My Grandfather Left Behind
i should die
I found a note written 50 years ago and it changed my present.. (PART 1)
You won't find this song anymore (with link)
I’m never visiting a haunted house again.
Easy Peasy Lemon Squeezy Convenience Mart
I knew my cousin was hiding something from us,and I just wish she didn't...
When I was 10, I heard voices coming from a lost walkie-talkie.
Gluttony
It Lives at Itasca State Park
My experience with the paranormal (part 1)
My camping trip story
Wired Scary Spongebob story I wrote in 6th grade. Check it out
I work night shift at a middle school
I finally got my own Airpods. But I hear something terrifying when I wear them.
I'm An Immigration Attorney and I've Seen Some Things
I Saw My Daughter's Doll Move Last Night
I narrate horror stories and I was wondering if y’all could do me a favor and check out my Yt it’s called “Uncharted Spooks “ I’m currently sitting at 428 subs,
I Found My Brother in a Cave in the Woods
I'm being followed by somethings at work
My Dream Job Has Become a Nightmare
I saw something I wasn't supposed to see and now it's watching me
He⃞⃞h⃤ǝlP
Stopped at an old Gas Station in south Texas. What I found inside was terrible.
I witnessed a suicide when i was a kid. I am not so sure what it was, anymore
I received an old relic of an item, I think it is from your era.
I died and I can tell everyone one what death feels like (true)
I’m trapped in my worst fear, that I never realized I had.
My mom has a scar on her neck
I always forget things in my car when I get home from work. I can’t go back out for them when it’s dark anymore.
fyi this is not real
I stole something from a certain cult last night.
Substitute. (Part 2)
My Stalker and Identity Thief - HELP ME
How I Got A Bullet In The Mail (Part 4) FINAL
Alligator Cult
Prisoners cinemaWeird stuff in my uncle's notebook
I have been trapped in someone’s closet for a couple hours and I heard terrible things
If your grandparents hear a noise outside, grab a knife.
I'm terrified of shower curtains
I ignored the warnings about the stairs in the wood (part 3)
I’m a Gifted Child (Part 1)
All The Trees Nearby Are Screaming
Indedeadence Day Chapter One: Missing.
I used to be a janitor at a public high school. I think I encountered a demon.
I remember what I did, now I wish I didn't.
I Never Wanted A Kid (Update)
My cat is missing!
The sun went down, and never came back up. Part 1
That's why you should never mess with infrasounds.
Sleep paralysis. (Part 1)
I'm not an incest baby. I'm something...far worse!
An Invisible Killer
My school saw something that I didn't, and now I'm the only sane student
Chatroom of ColdOne13 {part 3(final)}
I downloaded an app that tells you if your house is haunted.
Summer's ghost
If DEATH And His Horsemen, (Conquest, War, Famine) Are not Stereotypical, Who Or What Would They Look Like And Which Weapons Would They Use?
The Drip.
Alone in a dark room with seven mirrors and seven candles.I found a frog in my drink last night
I found my name on a kill list. I think they took the wrong person.
New to this Reddit so here’s my first scary story
Shovelling Sound Outside My Window
I am a Forester, and I encountered something I can't explain in an Old Growth forest.
I Made A Deal With The Devil. Please Don't Make The Same Mistake That I Did.
The Day I Delivered A Mattress To The Cul-de-sac
In Death, Despair
9 hours long rainy video for reading book ambience. Better cozy atmosphere.
My Mother's Vegetable Garden
The Blue Cup
I started working a night job on a cruise ship and I found a horrifying list of rules (part 1)
Our neighbor's dogs are stalking me and my mother.
The Blue Pills Part 2 (link to part 1 at bottom)
The Survival Guide for Blue
Haunted House
The Religion of Pee
I've Been Hearing A Disturbing Noise In The Dark Woods Behind My Home At Night. I Really Shouldn't Have Gone To Look.
Mind Games
My college sorority is different. – The devourer
I Saw Red Eyes In The Dark
Sarah
Room 409: The Unknowns Pt. 1
A doorway to otherwhere
Grandad used to visit me at night wearing a mask. Now I know why.
I Feel Other People's Experiences
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying. (Pt. 2 update and 2006)
I went to heaven and back
The Scariest Thing I’ve Woken Up To
Jade Jewels: Part 1
The House Beside My School
The Radio Static Challenge
She's in my head.
It started with the whispers and became so much more
Something Strange is Happening to me
I keep experiencing creepy stuff in and by my house
Kumiho
It's quarter past six. It's always quarter past six.
Some Russian urban legends are real, after all...
The Abraxas Ring
The man in the mask.
Why you can’t go to the water
Missing people, Part 1
The reason I don't go camping anymore.
Infected (Part 2)
All threes
Normal Town..... my first ever creepypasta
I decided to uncover my sister's secret. I wish I hadn't...(PART 2)
I was paid to watch people being killed...
Never assume something is less than it seems
I think a ghost has been following me since i was younger.
Will It Ever Stop Following Me?
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. I've seen what some will do to win and it terrifies me.
I should have just studied for the GMAT
Two years ago, my family went missing. Now I think I know why.
I used to work at a Suicide Prevention Hotline. My last caller still haunts me.
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - FourMy worst mistake
I’m an electrician and I fear my curiosity is going to be the death of me
Conversation
I was almost on HGTV. It fell through in the worst possible way.
The Baby Who Ate
The Grim reaper carries a badge and a chainsaw
The Darkness Within.
Report 005: Aliuktuk Part 1
I've been stuck in my flat for a month and the only thing I can do is livestream (part 1)
Nobody Escapes the Postmortem Penitentiary
I don't know how long I have to live
Frame - The Fifth of July
I've Woken Up Something Evil
Haunted story of Doris won’t let you sleep out of Terror
My Dad and I live in a really weird hospital. My body doesn't look normal on the inside.
Red Evening (Part 1 of 2)
Why do my neighbors have all red lights in their house?
I took my usual night run last &amp; I was chased by someone...or something..
People are starting to disappear
I'm a park security member and there some things you must know (Part 1)
Don't go hiking on deadboy hill after dark.
Alone (Part 2)
WHO’S BIRTHDAY IS THIS
Aplakonia 7— Human Trial Log
The graveyard shift janitors
I wanna start a cult
Green Valley
Too lucid
I am a Interdimensional time traveler here to save you
I can see &amp; hear ghosts. Advice or help is totally appreciated.! (PT 2)
Mysteries in Ash Springs
Adrift
Scary things that happened at my nans house
My dead friend is holding a secret from me
I think my company is packaging people. Part 3
Some weird added me on LOL
Screaming In the Woods
The delay on my TV is starting to worry me…
Killer Queen
As a kid, toys disappeared from my hands.
I found out how my Dad died.
Grandpa Johnny Doesn’t like you, so hide.
When I was a gravedigger, a ghost started haunting me. (Part 1)
Things I’ve seen in my small town.
Room 213 : We might have found our new apartment!
The fly on the wall.
There are no more inmates left on death row in a secret prison. Only the oldest sin remains. I'll carry it with me forever.
Here's why I'm scared of big forests
The Depth at Tears of the Turtle - The End
My Grandmother's Secret (LAST ENTRY)
How to Survive Camping: the vanishing house
Just a quick job
The Sunken Secrets of my Great Grandfather's Journal - Part 4
My Reflection Stares at Me When I'm not Looking
The Game of the Shadow Man
They're in my Dreams.
The Charlie Game
Plane, club, nother club, bus, nother club, plane, no sleep, club, plane, nother club
A Needle &amp; Thread: Part 4
My body is acting strange pt2 Niels
I wrote this because I woke up
Why I will never own or use a VR headset ever again.
I had a horrible nightmare
That’s Not My Dog
A couple of Corrections
The Last Time We Played Ding Dong Ditch
My neighbor asked me to watch his dog
Monsters II
Spooktober! 31 Days of Horror Nosleep Event
The box we found the summer before high school (part 2)
We are Safe in the Trees (1/?)
The shadow man
Something strange is happening in my home town
We Found The Youtube Channel of A Classmate Who Died In A Car Accident {PART 2 : FOCUS}
MY TERRIFYING EXPERIENCE ON THISPERSONDOESNOTEXIST.COM
Someone is selling Pictures of my Children online
Endless Darkness/A nightmare-based story
Horror films do be making me suspicious of mirrors tho. 😳 why is it so much scarier in a movie where you can see the killer creeping up on the victim but the victim is unaware.... ahhhh that trope gets me.
I made a wish for someone to love me...
I found a letter in the personal effects of a professor at the University of Oregon
When I came across myself
One night, being a Good Samaritan almost killed me.
Sheep.
I'm posting this for Jack: Black Dream's Lake.
I See Fire
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I just got woken up while digging into my on head
merak
SUbject Arkham Evaluation LogBelow site ██
By The Window
Every night I felt like I was being watched. Now I know why.
I’ve been stuck replaying the same day for over a year and i think i need some help
If you hear something go "Bump" in the night, don't look for it.
One in the Same
I work at the strangest zoo on Earth. God help us if any of the creatures we house there escape. Unfortunately, that is exactly what happened.
Winter and Construction
The Rose, the Joker, and the Pig
i am a monster and i am terrified of the behavior of humans
THE COMPOST
I Repaired Some Alien Tech
Tales of a house old as time
We have broken into an Egyptian tomb, on the hunt for our missing friend. Ancient secrets lie below, and each level hints at new horrors... ...The Fifth Level
I don't think it was radio interference
The Knocking on the hill
I run a bar that serves one of a kind drinks to clients in exchange for their stories...this one will hurt. (Part 4)
Whatever You Do, Don't Enter the Catholic Church Late at Night (Part One)
My day was ruined.
The Blinkers
0o
I wish i could be my reflection, just once.
The One Who Takes Children
Litherlax
Muck
The party upstairs was keeping me up all night. But, when I asked them to quiet down, all I found was a man sitting alone in an empty room. (Part 1)
I ask for help everywhere and I can not find it
Is Someone There?
I can see the things that move your stuff
In Bulgaria we host a special dinner at Christmas Eve, i finally understood its true meaning
Somebody please help me explain this.
I Was Going to Kill Myself, Until Someone Tried to MURDER Me.
An act of love.
Belly Button
Shadow People Follow Me, They Have for Years
My Nightmares Are Predicting My Future
Gabby
WHAT A STRANGE PLACE, THE COUNTRYSIDE (PART ONE)
Unforgiven
My grandma is scaring me. Part 3Russian No Sleep Experiment!!!!
Sisyphus
If you slip out of reality, stay calm and act normal
The ballad of Vernon Hugh
Dream or Demon???
SuperMarket Memoirs 16: Re-Grand Opening
Find My Friends
I Woke Up in a Horror Story
Pop Goes The Weasel
Devil's Nest
Family drama
What Stays BehindI tried to help.. I tried to
I Don't Think My Wife Is Human
I Obey
My dad left his world war two dairies. I never knew why he was so aggressive about them until now.
The Old Creep Woman Next Door
Looking for a post about a guy who pays his family
I was in love with a psychopath
I'm clearing out REDACTED...It's not as abandoned as they thinkComo Steve Bannon e um bilionário chinês criaram uma sensação de direita na mídia com o coronavírus
mind over matter
Nature's Wildcard
Geomancy: Subject J-95
PMSD - Post Murder Stress Disorder
My Girlfriend Was Watching Me...
At Night the Wall Knocks
Never wake up if your alarm is too early
I encountered a ghost in abandoned barracks
I helped my best friend commit murder, and the guilt is killing me.
I worked in the Coronavirus factory. This is my story
Seeing things.
Some questions from a kid who wants to write
The Road Runner
SoftThe simple rule
For as long as I can remember, the Wall has stood at the end of my garden... I fear that something might have followed me through.
Reddit, I encountered some creepy things in my apartment and I need your advice
I learned the hard way to Never Trust Shapeshifters
Don't go to Pinewoods Cemetery
CASE FILE: \\data redacted\\ LIBRARY
I Tried to Help the Spirits in My New House, But I've Made a Fatal Mistake.
I hear noises every night and they get closer everytime
I'm a wendigo, but not a normal one. Part 1
Sisterhood (Part 2)
The Anti-Fairy
Don’t go out after midnight in Ireland
Someone Has Been Trying To Kill Me For A Year. Now I Know Why. (Down The Rabbit Hole)
Who Else Was With Us?
Great Story!
Ani-me (edited repost)
Spoiled Rotten
The Rats Of Stragview
Nothing Is There.
Its wasnt me...
If the lights are out i should get out of there.
Mellow mountain magearna(Pokemon creepypasta inspired by the flatwood monster)
Five years ago, I survived a school shooting. Now all the other survivors are dying.
Every full moon, the reaper visits Mission Lane.- SEPTEMBER 24, 2018
I work graveyard on a college campus. I've seen some things.
Sleep Paralysis-Dream Attack
The Untold Story of the Chameleon Killer.
The posts I read in r/nosleep are coming to life and they're becoming more personal.
left alone in cannibal town but it isn't like you think
Help Me Please
Im a deputy in a rural county. I met the devil on night shift. Part 2 of 2
I took the opportunity to be "reborn." It was terrifying.
Where the Darkness Howls
There is a reason why doors should stay locked at night.
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 6)
My dog hates my new apartment
I'm a hotel manager and something is seriously wrong. (Part 3)
Our teachers told us we were dissecting pigs for class. They lied.
Simple question from a new user.
The Law of Gravity was Broken
Im going to die tonight.
I found something at the Far Side of the Moon in 1971.
She Watches
The downside of training killer vigilantes.
Someone else was listening
There's nowhere I can go, so I listen to them at my bedroom door.
I don't know what exactly happened last night, but I'm still terrified
dark figure at this place my brother went to
My own ghost (short story)
Michael Wants Out
The Mist
I found a phone and I think I might get killed because of it.
You Should Never go Home Again
Did you ever why you hear sounds or see things that aren't there while alone...?
I finally found a legit Djinn of the Lamp
I play the same game every night with the static in my closet
My Aunts old house was very strange
My wife went missing last year
Tales From A Bored High-School Student - Entry #1 - My Successful(?) Attempt At Channel Infinity
Afghan Mountains
Please, fix my mistake
Cody, Ceeper of the Cups
I stumbled across a podcast; I don't think the creator ever got a chance to publish it. (Part Three) Finale.
What Happens At Night
They’re gone...
The cafe I work at is abnormal to say the least
I’m A Veterinarian And Something Is Really Wrong With The Donkeys In My Town
My experience in "The Backrooms"
There is something in the forest
I’m a lawyer and my client killed his whole family. I’m out to prove their innocence. Final Part.
Needle: Needle Needle
My bestfriend Lucy.
I am trapped in my backyard shed and I don't think I have time to spare.
Carving
An RPG where the gods have awakened, and bestow gifts randomly
I saw what caused the SoCal earthquake last night.
Demons keep trying to scare me but I can't feel fear(part 1)
There's Something in the Forest on my Property
Please avoid the desert!
I just inherited a haunted house. Maybe it’s not good to live in a haunted house.
Some things happened at my family's lake house that we dont talk about anymore.
I went back to my grandpas woods, and I don't know where I am now.
The Hunger Won't Go
The plantage on the wall scared me
Unidentified Pathogen
My foster care adventures. The mental facility.
I went to a museum, i never want to go back again.
None of my friends believe me. The only one that can see it is the cat.
I work in an underwater laboratory. We just lost contact with our sister lab.
I See Things Other People Are Afraid To
First narration. 0 experience. Eager to learn
Keep hearing my name being called out late at night
I'm glad I finally read my girlfriends texts.
I Forgive You
The Little Sheet Ghost
Things to do when affiliated with the Strangelove and Kraft Occult Museum: Using a makeshift Ouija board
the white lady
The Field of Black Grass
The Sea of Regret
How to Survive Camping: the man with the skull cup kissed me
Hôi Nữ Sinh Bá Đạo Tập 2 Phim Học Đường Phim Cấp 3
Don't play the game called "Sack of Knives".
Best of 2019 Nominations
This wont stop again! 4
The women
I was browsing for p but i found something else
A cure for apathy, blood on my hands.
We found out what lies in the recesses of the unconscious mind. Now it's the only thing that's conscious.
I'm a "computer guy" for some really bad people. I stole a *lot* of money, and now I'm trying to escape during a pandemic.
A drug from outer space
The Deep Web
I'm hiding in my broom closet right now and the knocking is getting louder
My name is Sherri Robinson, and I fear my ability to see imminent deaths has shown me my own fate.
Robloxian emergency room part3 *Final*
Cubicle Farm
I am sorry you have to clean up after me.
The Forgetful Man
The True Threat
My Girlfriend May Be A Monster
I'm an aircraft fueler and strange things are going on at the airport
The Black Pills Part 6
Keep “Him” Happy
I'm an Urban Explorer. Here is my story. .
My uncle could've killed me
Something Has Been Trying To Convince Me To Kill Myself
I Visited the World War One Cemetery That Does Not Officially Exist
I was attacked at my office
Someone shot up my school and the only ones who remember it are the shooter and I
It’s coin-operated.
My breaking and entering turned into something horrifying
The Legend of DJ Hey Zeus
When I was 4-6 years old, I had paranormal experiences
I'm Stuck in the 1800's and I'm Not Alone
Do Not Speak with the Mysterious Hikers on Rye Mountain Park
The Poltergeist
There was a poltergeist living in my house Disclaimer: this is fiction
Bad experience in the Jenolan Caves
I was almost taken by Sack Man when I was a child
They Call Me The Reaper Chapter 2: the blood line
The black briefcase
I found this in the memos on my phone this morning, I don't remember writing this
Don't Look Behind You.
Foxes in the hen house part 4
I used to jave a russain doll
Art Teacher
Who the F beside me?
No one left unharmed
I've been stuck in my house for days. And I think someone is trying to get in
I went out late and something followed me back home.
Magazines, Andrew series (Part 1)
Elvis is Alive?
Annalisa... the only girl to ever catch my interests
My Imaginary Friend Held a Dark Secret
There’s Something Wrong With My Foster Family
r/No sleep. When I blinked my whole location changed. The place was horrifying.
Does anyone have any terrifying experience or know a story I can make a video about?
My dreams may be my death
it's 3AM and all I can hear is my dead aunt calling my name through my bedroom door
Haunted road RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET FROM MY OLD APT
Distance learning sucks for my mental health, but this is so much worse
This man is a cheater and pig
My roommate's Nightmare in a Group Home (kinda scary but true)
My name is Sam. Don't come for me.
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. The next challenge made me question everything.
DIARY
What happened in briarfalls on Christmas?
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried (Part I)
Looking for a story.
Don't even make a sound
What I See After Rubbing My Eyes for An Hour Straight.
I had dinner with a higher being. She's about to tell me divine secrets. Part 3
A Demon tried to kill me once, now I hunt down demons (Part 4)
I started working as a truck driver and I found a weird set of rules
Life can get hard after losing a parent
The House Woke Up
The Hole (Surreal)
A moment of weakness turned me into both prey and hunter.
The Day I Nearly Sold a Murder Weapon
Miles Part 2
Why does manhandling arouse me?
I found a chest filled with fingers and toes. A strange man wanted to buy them from me. Things got...messy.
Hound for the Undying
12
How I Carried On My Best Friend’s Legacy.
The Tapes are alive
My Voyeuristic Neighbour is Terrified of me (Part two)
IMPORTANT:
SMALL BOY USE BY GOD AS HIS SERVANT - Nigerian Christian Movies 2020 Mou...
Something was outside my house last night and I don't know what it was (part 2)
They told me I was crazy, but I am special instead?
DUNGEONS AND DARKNESS: Skeletons Guard the Gates
I delivered a cake and it was a mistake
Need some advice about my roommate:
Something walks the halls
LILITH
I create dreams, most nights I delivered nightmares to every door, I just quit recently and I don't want to go back
What Was It?
Does anybody remember seeing a movie trailer for a horror flick about a little girl who’s holding hands with a demonic bunny that’s the size of a full grown man?
treading water...
I'm trapped in my town
God Left Us int the Somme
I can't use the bathroom at night sometimes
My girlfriend hit a “deer” on our way home.
Suicide pact 15-17 y.o. boy dm me
Mareridt (Nightmares) Part 1
When did i go....
Something on the Barn
I’m camping with a group of friends, for the first time, in the forest... The girl who left to get firewood is not the same girl who came back. (Part 3)
A Man in the Distance
My friends keep dying through suicide.
the stalker
I don't want to believe the Ceremony was real. I want to know who I am.
It happened after the kid came in.
Journal found in the Sahara
I woke up with new cuts every morning.
The Man Who Finds Lost Things
The spider epidemic. (Arachnophobia warning)
Funeral Spotting
Preforming an Exorcism on a Monday Morning
I'm a Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 4) The Finale.
Cornex took my daughter: Beginning
Only In The Dark
A second life
I'm a Warden Between Realities: 3
The Kindness
Goodbye mom
Please stare at the smiling men, you won't regret it
A Strange Encounter at Cloud Peak Wilderness
I’ll see you later, Charlie.
If It Matters That Much To You
A real life story of how I almost got kidnapped or worse...
My father sent me into the forest with a letter to deliver. I will never trust anyone again.
I am in love with a Killer.
Parenting really does take everything out of you
My first experience with the paranormal.
Thanatophobia
Laughing Ghosts (short story)
I may have a stalker
I Found Bones In My Son's Closet
The Old Brick Yard
Disc
In the Woods -- Part 1
I Hate My New Apartment(Part 6)
The Loser part One
I played a text adventure game / Part 1
It's in the forest.
I have to get to Oklahoma
Something in our house took the form of family members
Every night, at precisely 8:03 PM, a UFO passes over my house and messes with my electronics
Not sure what I spoke to at this party
The Snow In The Summer
The boy in the fire pt.2
They kicked me out of Art School, because all my paintings had The Flaw
Overnight camping: week 6
The Lady of The Moor : Part 1
As Bizarre a Story as I've Heard.
The Test Part 2
The Tombs
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly
let me narrate your stories!
I hunt down the worlds demons
I met an arctic research team. Things got weird fast.
I love my job but I think I took it a little too far this time
The See You Man
Kinfroket (PART 1)
Life in Quarantine
I wish you Would Knock
I Don't Think They're Protecting Us Anymore - To: MullinaxLawListserv
New cat wanted
My First Shift Officer Lied To Me
When I was younger, I was never allowed to leave my room after 9pm, one night I discovered why. (FINAL)
I'm a scientist.
The Man in the Lake
I'm going to tell you a story, why I'm still afraid to take a bath...
You need to smile more
Engkanto pt2: Different realm
Something Crashed In The Woods Near My House Lastnight
Last online 4 years ago...
‘Twas the Seventh Night After Christmas there was nothing to save
Never Trust Your Philosophy Professors
Derek
I Travel Dimensions, I am starting to think something is crossing over.
Welcome to-
It was actually an average house.
Please get a P.O. Box.
Tales From A Lonely Motel: 6
PSA: I think I screwed us in the 1960s
Three little birdies.
True Scary Gas Station Stories || And Then !! She Got In My Car
Farewell
it is coming.
"The Untitled Document" Down the Ladder. Entry Two
Never working night shift again
Cas
Just because my dad hid his diary in the floorboards doesn't mean it's true. It can't be.
The wooden bridge
It Pulls You Down. Final Part.
She loves me so, she loves me not
My first story, go easy on me
“Why..”
I think I brought home my dead grandfather.
Whilst playing Pokemon Go, I discovered that my AR function was a portal into an alternate reality.
My worst habit
Do Not Sleep. Pt 1 The Return Home
Short bit of a story I'm working on. Any thoughts?
The birds hate me for what I have done
Frame - The Hole
The Missing (UPDATE #2)
The System Is Your Friend
Have You Ever Heard the Story of the Magnolia House?
The Flames and the Dark
I'm a conductor on a train that runs an unusual route; a ghost voyage, with no passengers... Tonight, however, there's someone on the train... (Part 8)Has anyone read something about a game called "The Game Left and Right"?
Simba Sleep - 2 Free Memory Foam Pillows!!
Pacific Guards
I Haven't Slept in Three Months and Last Night I Met God
Living In That House
The Detrimental Dream
I started working in overnight security and now I don't know what to do
The disappearance of the Macleroy family.
A cathode TV played the outcome of my the choices i didn't choose.
My Room is CREEP
A friend's story of Vietnam...
So I've met the other me.
There was something in my little sisters nurse
I was almost murderd
My sister is a triple amputee, yet I can hear her walking around at night
The Glitches come at you with a new Podcast to bing
Theres a shadow outside my house
The Phoenix
I ran the biggest underground torture and murder operation on the internet – here is my story
The Corpse Of A Little Boy Washes Up On The Beach Every Friday Morning
A girl from my first grade class has been ruining my life. Part 1
A Murderers Manifesto
The breaking storm
The Halloween Game
A Documentation of the Weird Occurrences at the Corner Store (Pt. 1)
16 Spiders.
My roommate went missing, and I really don't think she's going to come back.
I finally got in shape
There's A Reason Why Greek Fire Was Lost To Time
Prophetic dream or?
Mother and I
Lost Dog (Part 5)
THAT THING in the corner....
I'm An Actress On The Set Of A Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART TWO
The Skin Between Us
I found out that my grandparents had a house, today me and my friends are checking it out - Finale
A letter to Johnathon
I bought an old mansion and the previous owner left me a book containing rules (pt1)
A guest at my motel asked me to post his story. He looked like he went through hell… – Part 8
LOANS FOR 2% PERSONAL LOAN &amp; BUSINESS LOAN OFFER APPLY NOW CITY FINANCING LOAN OFFER APPLY
My sister's haunted porcelain doll.
So, this is my first ever post and you might not like it, but I just wrote it down, so yeah. Also my punctuation isn't good, just for a warning
The little girl
BITE
I wish I had slower reflexes and worse vision...
Just another Farm in Southeast Idaho. (Part 1)
My Imagination is trying to kill me... and my girlfriend now hates me.
3 ชั่วโมง เสียงฝนตกฟ้าร้อง กล่อมนอน คลายเครียด , เสียงฝนตกฟ้าร้อง กล่อมน...
Wildfire
A Private Number (part six, seven, eight, and nine)
Wake Up Daddy
Genetic memory’s warnings to children.....
Last night I had a dream
The rules for getting into Mt. Pleasant Cemetery
The Calling Of The Heart
Did something follow us from that creepy house?
Don't do this please
My past self sent me present.
The Blue Man Part Two
Houska Castle (repost)
Revenge of the Moths
Do you feel the tingles too?
I'm Not Sure.
It wasn't my daughter.
They’re back
Buy Facebook Page Reviews ( Real Active Account reviews)
I got sick for a few days after the visit
My sister discovered a universal language, but she hasn't spoken a word since 2003
Paths Change , Destinies Don't . PART 1
I am a US marine. Let me tell you about my commanding officer.
The weird place I moved into
Do not trust Ndemic Creations
If It's The Last Thing I Do
Hag
help with computer problems?
HATRED OF THE YOUNG
Every kid leaves the park at sunset, except for one.
Your advice was terrible and I regret everything.
Who is The Wraith?
My twin brother
I think Saton Is My Birth Dad
There's a Thing Outside my House that Won't Let Me Leave
how to lose your mind
Hannibal
My google home original story.
I left my son by the roadside and nobody cared
the knew world order is a lie
Martin is Missing (part 4)
I started a new job as a overnight security guard at a private cemetery, the previous guard gave me list of rules which I can't comprehend.  Finale
The Jurney of a Life Time (part 1)
I teach English lessons to foreign students and i've been given a list of their student requirements. They terrify me.
Barry Stopped Using it and I've Never Been More Terrified
The Rules.
I Keep Hearing the Same Voice.
I fell into a dimension of monsters.. pt 1-3
Candle Cove
Can You Win a Fist Fight to the Death?
The Whistler
Don't move.
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Alec is the last one to share.
I thought I brought home my deceased boyfriend's soul. I didn't.
I Hate My New Aprtment(Part 3)
The kids at my school are disappearing one by one. And I'm the only one who remembers them.
Hellooo I'm new
I had a dream of a alien invasion, and i'm starting to see the signs.
I don't like to talk, and so I act like I'm mute.
I am being watched by a government agency that doesn’t exist.
I think I'm having visions.
I’m stationed on the Falkland Islands with the British Army. There’s a reason these islands are so important.
Hámzâ calls
There is something coming up my street.
She Wakes with Vengeance
I've found a device that allowed me to travel between dimensions
The Camping Trip
I "restore" souls. One of them turned out to need more work than the others.
Brother in arms
Please don’t let this fail.
My friends and I went hunting for wraith gems. I wish we'd never found them.
In Libro Malum - Part One
Final Girl
At night, she visited me from beyond the mirror
I Don't Like Emily Warrens
The Creepy Guy That Plagues My Memories of My Freshman Year in College
Dont think, Dont sleep, Dont stop (Part 2)
The pit (part 1)
Things that shouldn't see daylight (part one)
Something terrifying happened at the movies tonight
Paper 1460 by Sarah
Here’s Why I Stopped Being A Winemaker
Scariest moment of my life
The Hunt
the story of a faulty fortune teller (part 2)
Gas station stalkers
When I was twelve I went to an activity centre, I’m pretty sure the place was cursed.
Summer camp is being harassed by… something (pt 2)
DORM #447 PART 2
Cyberpunk 2077
omg...just read it.
Life and Death at The Mullins' Funeral Home Pt I
Setting the record straight on "The Purge"
Why I Quit Being a Hitman, Epilogue
I hate the rain.
01/10/2020 - Journal
I thought my son was just imagining the monster monster. i was wrong.
My contract keeps me up at night.
Voices In The Dark
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
The abode and the gentleman's crooked smile
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later, he still alive
My Dad told .d too not look into rhe pipe. I didn
The Shadow Runner
Cover statistics
The drug trip of Horror: Part 1
The man who watches you through your window while you sleep at night is your deceased father
Something Is Severely Wrong With The Doll House (picture included)
I recently ignored a chain mail and it’s the biggest regret of my life.
DO NOT ASTRAL PROJECT
I found something disturbing in my basement. (Part 1/2)
Strange behaviour in animals
A story I wish I never pursued
I Spent A Night Inside An Abandoned Prison. It Wasn't Abandoned. (PART 2)
I lost my pet a few weeks ago. What came back wasn't my pet.
The numbers people
I found my own dead body
Snake Bites
I Only Read the End
Ten rules to make a good horror story
Every time I walk the hallways outside my apartment something terrible happens
2x faster
Conspiracy theories with too much evidence to dismiss
Paranoid
A school lockdown is happening. The intruder isn't human.
On The Hunt
My Town Has Been Quarantined For The Past Six Years.
We Found Something Under the Ice in the Antarctic.
Can I get some recommendations for actually scary or creepy stories on YouTube?
If you call 911 and it sounds weird at the other end, hang up and call again.
An Attempt at Southern Hospitality
Big-Face
I used to live on a forgotten island, and it's not as abandoned as it appears
I was the Wrong Michael Part 2
The city that doesn’t exist
COVID-19 is not the reason for the city lockdown
All places in town were closed due to snow, at least, that's what they thought it was.
Don't tell your mother
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part three
I was watching RuPauls Drag Race and Netflix screwed my life
The dog spoke to him.
Jerry (Pt 2)
The Fog (part two)
Has anyone heard of Nefertum Tech
I was in the US Navy...I think I was almost on a deep web snuff film in Greece...
Voices of the known
I’m watching my aunts house while she’s away. She left me a strange set of rules....
Hallucinations or Not? You’re screwed either way.
Bizarre dreams I've been having
My Wife Called s Today. She’s Been Dead For Over A Year. (Part 2)
What i saw on my dead uncle's farm changet my life...
I forgot my father's birthday...
I thought he was the one (part 2).
I have to participate in a ritual to appease a deadly entity, and I don't think it's going to like my offering.
Nothing Is Fair
Small Town Tales
The Itch
The Wardwray Hotel
The Robert Belz Memorial Cemetery
Longings : Chapter 1
The Candy Wrapper Man
these are 5 weird rules at my local library
We thought they were just Mosquitoes.
The Man That Found God (Part 2)
A place we try to remember
Audio file #75390
A Guide from a Monster Hunter
This dude constantly tells me I’m not good enough, so I’m going to make him stop.
Cryptid hunting
Something is moving behind the clouds and I just had to amputate my brother's arm.
What is satisfaction?
I'm stuck in a time loop that doesn't affect the internet (P1)
I'm a Janitor for a Haunted Elementary School
I made friends with a Reaper. Did i make a mistake?
7 Taps
INFERNO
If You Work For a Suicide Helpline, Make Sure it is Not Hacked by Monsters (Part 1)
I went to a housewarming party, but soon things got a little too warm...
I don't hike anymore - the cave.
Why I'm scared of forests
oil phrenia dinkum schizo
I Was A Victim Of Sleep
The stupid demon is ruining my life!
Something Odd Is Happening In My House
I am a physician in Manhattan. My dead coronavirus patients...
My elevator malfunctioned and the cause was utterly horrific
A Exiled's Diary (COVID-19 STORY)
Im something of a paranormal investigator
Endless Pines
musophobia
Sometimes Daddy hits Mommy
A Break From Life
The Park
My expirience with The Backrooms
A Caged Heart
I went on the dark web
REAL STORY HELP NEEDED!!
My hair is trying to kill me.
Honesty and the internet aren't safe
Why I left my airport job
Ramblings From an Isolated Crocodile Clip
Selling Myself to a Cannibal
The Walls (wrote this for my LA final and figured I post it here, had to be under 750 words, criticism is welcome)
My sister died 3 years ago. I saw her in my neighbours house.
Working the night shift
Do you like more than two legs?
Quarantine Haircuts
have good time with me my skype=live:patrica_ayala21
I've found something dark and it won't leave me alone
I put a mood ring on a doll and I will never forget what happened.
The Life, Death, and Rebirth of Thomas Bailey
I thought I just had a Dissociative Disorder,now I really wish I did.
This is a very true story
A Trend I've Noticed Amongst the Dying in the Hospital
The night I lost my mind
Pit: Book 1- Episode 2
An introduction and hope
frick i really cant sleep
My night just got a lot more interesting, and scarier.
The Guest Room Part Two: There’s Something In the Vents
"The Asylum" by J. Rayburn
My Angel
If you think about it, it exists. Don’t think hard.
Demonic Pacts (Part 3)
The Australian Fires Uncovered an Ancient Horror
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 16
The Delivery (Part 1)
My entire day is a loop
My father is the reason you have déjà vu (PART 2)
Kidnapping In Kendall
An urban legend lives in my basement. There's a reason it likes cell phones.
When my dad met someone new he wanted a blended family. I don’t think this is what he had in mind.
I've been trapped in the library for six hours. The finale, part one.
A Bad Camping Trip
An Attempted Kidnapping
My mother is most likely a paranoid schizophrenic person and is breaking my family apart.
I Moved To a Foreign Country Only to be Stalked By My Creepy Landlord NSFW
GOTD
I will go...
Im not sleeping
Do You Remember Rutherford, Colorado?
The CrabLobster Monsters are Probably not Real.
Engaged To Muggers
I struck something with horns as it darted across the road
There is a primordial beast within the Gulf of Mexico 2
I live in a town where nobody ages.
Host by Dean Meehan
I’ve been stuck in this room for 2 months now
The Personalized End
I've been covered in bugs for weeks. I finally figured out how to get them off...
I found a patient's notebook buried in the rubble of an old asylum (Part 3)
heyo
I think my friend has been replaced
I found my dad's suicide letter, ten years later he still alive - Part 2
The Elm
The whistlers
i'm living in the zombie apocalypse. i might not have much time left.(part 1)
There’s something wrong with site Zulu (update 2)
The exorcist thinks he got rid of the demon
Nightly routine with my husband
Remember me?
Siren Head: Origins
WIBTA for ghosting my husband?
When I was six I had an imaginary friend
I experienced true perfection...
A Pickled Plum
Sissy
My house my rules.
Need a Friend
There's a strange newspaper that's only delivered at midnight...(Part 10)
Netflix ghost?
someone near the cabin
Never mess around with the Vietnam war Ghost Tapes
The Little Woman in Black
The Skin Men (Part 2)
I sleep
I saw three shadows outside my room, the first one was inside it
Don't go the backroads at night
I shouldn't have went in his room
Silhouette
The Abysmal Watchers Part - 1
I just saw 1.09941 square inches of a girl’s shoulder
I work for a strange facility
I went camping with my wife, but now I can’t leave the woods.
Always Behind You
Always bring a gun on a midnight hike. (Part 1)
We discovered a scroll containing an eye witness account of the Crucifixion. I really hope what is mentioned isn't true
The girl with the camera
A man died on television and nobody remembers. His spirit won't leave my apartment. I've done something terrible.
It Wasn't My Dog
If You See a Downed Aircraft in the Everglades, Avoid It
Infected
Room 681: Lizardmancano
A Bump In The Road
Deep Down, I know who’s guilty *warning, extreme violence*
Being a Superhero isn't at all what I thought it'd be.
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 7)
I narrowly avoided becoming the third new scarecrow on my friend’s farm.
Sirens Walk Among Us
I used to work as a security guard in a mall, but there was something very wrong with that place (Part 1)
A cleansing of souls
My daughter is a Superhero
Tales from the REM: Curfew
My New Hallucination is Hurting Us
Thomas
You suck no sleep
A huge storm swept through my town two weeks ago. It never stopped raining.
I Have Put Myself Back Together
I woke up in the dark
Stay indoors
send me scary stories/threads!!
I’ve forgotten the sun...
I read the warning
The clown knocked on my window
IT STARED BACK
MonophobiaThe eyes in the night
Sweet revenge
House of Spirits
My father was a horror writer. One of his stories was true. Part 3
How should I respond (part 1?)
This is why I don't go hiking...
I live in rural North Texas. This last week we've been without power and experiencing sub zero temperatures and record snowfall...
Beneath the Swamp
I heard random woman laughing at night
I found an exit button in the middle of the road and now my life has become a nightmare
Unlucky Boy
My New House Had Some Strange Rules... Part 1: The Shower
I wanted everything, and now I have nothing
A moment of silence.
Dreams by Superfluous-Doge-2
I'm Trapped in the Security Room at Work
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 17, Finale
I shouldn’t have seen that
'Tis the season to be jolly
Don't go to the arcade in Falls Church!
Something is outside and it wants to kill.
Friend ?
I'm Not A Serial Killer (Part 3)
I found a DIARY during a family trip, I wish I've never gone !
My new side hustle
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 13) - Final Update
The Man in Black
At the call center where I worked, dealing with annoyed customers was part of the job, but I didn't know that I had to interact with dead ones, too.
Strange things in my town - Log 001 - Leaf Crackler
I think the gates of hell have been opened... (Part 1)
i can not sleep
I keep seeing coyotes on my lawn
Happy Hiding
Clickbait Title - (You won't believe what happened next)
The Queen of Wolves
I saw something in Afghanistan 31 years ago.
The Unknown Fear
Nicholas the Supreme
The friend inside the wall.
The man with a dog
Crazy nightmare
I was his first and I will be his last.
I know a few things...
Day by Day by Day
The video game I created is acting as if it’s got a mind of it’s own and I don’t know what to do about it.
Breathing. Just breathing.
I saw something in my yard last night. I'm still not sure what it was.
I saw my math teacher gets kidnapped
I was just recruited as an Explorer of Realities, and I think something is seriously wrong with that deer
The angel of deatg
yea i'm not going back there
I've been trying to contact the spirit of my deceased son. Maybe I should stop.
The Tully Way Hotel
Daily Inspirations and Stories to your Inbox from Listserv.me
Help! I'm trapped in a city of all women! ..and I've been lied to for five years!
They Who Eat Time
I wasn't hired for babysitting a human
I can’t sleep.Narcolepsy
My dad and I heard screaming in the woods. Now, it's coming for me.
Chowder time
Everythinf I ever loved was ruined over a package
I woke up early.. (Part 1)
Siberia 1996 part two.
I think my friend played the 11 miles game and I don’t know how to get him back
I think i saw a flesh gait
Josey the flesh crafter
February 2020 Winners!
The pumkin man
My dead grandfather
The diary of maddy Maddy and what was behind the mirrors (part 1)
What's Killing All The Birds On Pembroke Road?
Head Rush
I think my neighbors are sick part 2
Guys I'm Scared.
Worms
The Overseer Tales: The Eternal Reliquary
Should I Go Back to Campus?
A Third Short Update From A Police Officer in a Former Colonial Town
A Recurring Dream
Typical Tuesday Night
Man At The Forest Preserve
the society
My great-aunt left me a set of rules, why didn’t she say anything?
I'm pretty sure my friend pissed off a ghost today.
I never knew Magpies could talk
The Black Pills Part 2
They were disposed of.
LET THE LIGHT IN
A Camping Nightmare
Twelve years ago, I saw something in the Arizona desert
The countrywide killings of parents. (Part 1)
This was only a few minutes ago and I still feel uneasy in my room
Control Freak
Teacher
Indian Jokar
Would you like to join us?
I played a game with my friends. It soon turned inexplicably bad.
My twin brother and I are hunters. We tried to seal off the entrances to the underground.
I swear, there really was something in my closet...
Be glad you're not a mind reader
To the asshole who ruined my life
Story Hunter (Part 4)
Holly Jolly
Sometimes they say things
May The Second
I know this may seem fake, but I think I met the devil.
The Glass Cage Pt. 1
There is something strange about my cousin Royce (part one)
I found footage of the first plane hitting the twin towers (better than the footage from that firefighter documentary that was being filmed and is the only known footage), and I don't know what to do with it.
I received a wildfire warning, but there was no wildfire.
Something Found Me in Washington's National Parks
I visited my best friend, she's a complete lunatic..
I conducted an experiment on fear. Now I need your help.
I Have Started Hunting Humans and Monsters Again.
I have buyer's remorse and I may never recover from it...
24's Tall Tales - The Summoning
Corner of your eye
Made of Fairy Skin
Something My Six Year Old Told Me Has Kept Me Awake for the Past Three Nights- 2
I don't know who to choose, my husband or my Mother who didn't know I was gay...
Does anyone remember a TV channel called ‘Beneath the Static’? (Part 4)
Log 1, 2025
I hitched a lift from the wrong guy, but I was too hungry to care
I got a job as a part time night guard at my local warehouse
The person that you leave is never the one you married
Peter Pan
I went to a birthday party and found out what happened after it ended.
There’s something wrong with the cafe I work at
Let Them Watch
All the bridges that lead out of my city have raised, It's been 4 hours now and they haven't gone back down. Something is going on.
I can not explained what happened
My daughter went missing 2 weeks ago and I need help finding her
My stepmother trapped me inside a music box when I was 9. For the first time in over 20 years, I’ve found a way to make contact with the outside world.
The sun is out, But it's still dark.
My little brother is my only friend
Shortly after their sons are born, the fathers of my family mysteriously disappear.
I took a job on a haunted airplane. Then I was given a list of rules.
someone was with me even tho i was home alone
The Estate
The Mariana Trench
Don't drink the water
My best friend found a book while we explored in the woods. Now we’ve been cursed
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar. Final Part.
I just moved into a new apartment and I think it is haunted (pt 2)
The reason "Coming Home" never made it to theaters.
Family : Found
The ghost trance
The Monster in my Friend's Basement
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. Valo is terrified of the number eight. My Doll
The 1st case of COVID-19 was confirmed about a week ago where I live and there have been 3 more cases since. Now there are suddenly these boxes with cameras labeled “Sky Cop” mounted on some of the streetlight poles.
I Sell Used Clothes Online
Alone
Holy shit I fuckng hate him
I Remember Teen Spirit
Loud buzzing, vibrations throughout body, tingling in hands and forehead, pulling out sensation in my chest. anyone else experience this or know what it is?
Back in the old days, we had a strange job . Subject 11 (part 2)
At Night I hear them Feast
My first time seeing ghost
Don't come to Costal Virginia
My family returned from a walk different UPDATE
The Place Where Reality Broke
The way I became the man I am today
Does anyone know how to play LifeCubed?
My mentality ill "grandma"
my parents are acting really weird
Something Keeps Opening My Bedroom Door in the Middle of the Night
I went on the dark web and found something that I will always regret
Don't Drink The Apple Cider
Don’t look out of your window during a storm. Stay away from the lightning man.
The Pancake family PART TWO!
My sleep Paralysis Demon came alive.
My theory on disc 11
My job has dangerous side effects.
Never trust anyone over 15.
I don't have much time left. I existed. Please remember me.
There's someone in the house
I Found the Phone of a Missing Person... and Now I Think I Might Be Next
2020 Won’t be a great year.
I Accidentally Stayed In A Love Motel In Japan But I Won't Make That Mistake Again
i will never trust my school again
My crack parents experimented on me as a kid, now weird scenarios follow me.
They Won’t Stop Staring
Confessions of a Grocery Store Manager (Part 2)
Never leave things unfinished...
A message from a friend.
The Shadow People
Immersive 3D Robot Sound
The house I inherited gave me more than what I asked for (Part 1)
A Missing Thing
Best Friends ForEVER
I keep seeing a face in the mirror and it’s not mine .
Doctors of reddit, what made you say "how the fuck is this person still ...
If you hear a baby crying in the woods, don't follow it - TRANSCRIPT
I think I stumbled onto something here.
The Water is Cold
I witnessed something terrifying during the last Mardi Gras
I think there’s something wrong with the woods in my town.
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. : The Deliveries.
I forgot why I hate Christmas.
No sleep again
Monsters Are Real and They’re Hard to Kill
The Secret of the Cabin
I've Been Kidnapped By Death (Part 1)
Do Not Go Into The Rain Past Twelve, Or You Will Run Into The Raincoat Man
last man
Fighting against the wicked (PART 3)
I was possessed by a demon for years
Mechanophobia
I don’t think my friend is imaginary anymore.I Am Pretty Sure I'm Immortal And It's Not What You Think.
Our Dreams are Being Eaten
A last message
I just wanted to write something good
The Women in White
I Overturned My Boat Alone in a Cold Northern Sea. This is What I Experienced. (Part 2)
I wish that I was crazy, but I'm not
Moonless Night
I’m a chemist and there was a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger.
The crash wasn't the scariest part of the accident
1993 - 1/2
My Nightmare
A road,with no start nor end
The Devil In My Mirror
Snowfall (Part 2)
The following events are real
Members of my family have been disappearing. When my sister vanished, I feared that I was next. (Part 1)
Why does Grandma say I'm her favorite?
The god forsaken place of the internet
The Obsidian Deluge - Part 3
Be careful of your child’s online virtual learning
My Uncle is acting really strange
My imaginary friend has been with me for ten years, but today it ends
Can you tell if drug buyers guide is legitimate or not ?
Please help I think my neighbor killed someone and is coming after me.
Fake Uber
I tried the elevator game to go to the demon world, i succeed but they wouldn't let me go back.
The distress call from Watchtower 1.
Will You Share Your Dreams?
the sheep man
For what else is a mother to do?
Unwanted Spirit Guide (NSFW)
DO NOT OPEN
I think I inherited a murder house (part three)
I might be living with a witch (final update)
The voices wont stop following me. its been 3 days. part (1)
How my shadow f*cked me and i enjoyed it
My new neighbours have been anything but neighbours
Your Gut Feeling
She's been watching me
I have night terrors every other day what can I do?
What the public doesn't know about the coronavirus.
An old friend
The Raven's Return
In the Tunnels.
A cult is keeping me captive.
My Heavily Armed Father Marched Into The Woods, and He Looks to be Ready for War
I stumbled upon a wicked guide for my peculiar new hometown
Religion is not FREEDOM
I'm BURIED AT SEA and need to warn you before I run out of air (part 3 final chapter)
There's Something Wrong With The Children
I Think My Friend May Have Done a Bad Thing
My house.
The Lost Ones
Death of a love one.
What waits across the lake.
Strangled in my dream
DO NOT look at the demon meme
We Should Have Left Them Alone
I'm praying that this man is trolling me
I'm An Actress On The Set Of a Low-budget Slasher Film. I Think They're Really Killing Off My Co-stars PART SEVEN
I am asking for help
One of my brother's friends disappeared after our investigation with a youtube channel.
I Work as a Sonar Operator On a Fishing Company. Lately, Something is Wrong With The Sea
The Faceless Family - P2
Give me some funny/horror architecture studio stories
Working at an amusement park: it runs in the family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KWbPsiumlI
i need a pc and i cant sleep
The Government Hate
Angor Animi: A Sense of Impending Doom
A Creepypasta but it's just a normal day
0$12 Wants to know your location
Every single passenger in this train is going to die.
I'm trapped in a house with three monsters, and they won't let me leave.
Avoid the man in the green.
The Bodies Buried Under the Lake, of which Breonna Taylor is Included
Pls help
Here I Am Again: Something is Wrong II
My Girlfriend really did love me.
I had one three many nightmares
Concerning Truth (part 1)
The Hide of a Skinwalker
Knock Knock | Scary creepiest story happened for real .
I’m an electrician and I fear my curiosity is going to be the death of me ( Part 2 )
My Diabolical Self | Part 9: Getting Out!
An archived message from the near future #1
This House Has Thin Walls
I was once a loop.
Found footage from 90's
There is a red door on my basement something else lives on my town 2
I thought I earned my ticket to Heaven
My Grandson's Buddy
My girlfriend's snoring is unnaturally bad.
I know when something is a lie. I wish I didn’t
I worked at a Watchtower, what I saw was terrifying. Part 2
Who is she?
Im stuck inside my room, watching CCTV's to secure my home
I’ve been stuck in an amusement part for 8 years
They're Under The Ground
We created an AI to protect us.
She was so hot and she always smelled like lilies.
Ok, This is a small thing I wrote a couple years back and thought I'd put up
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong
Once you feed it, it will come back
I have the ability to warp to different dimensions each one is worst than the last
I took a Christmas survey that gives you more than promised.
I did something. Something unthinkable...I just don't remember what it was
Skin faced lady
Someone is opening the door
My friend is always scared of the woods and I didn't know why until know
I Want You (Final)
What do you see when you're falling asleep?
The Ticking
One hell of a RED fight.
A Full Prison Disappeared.The Police Are Hiding Something.
I've Seen What Lies Beyond Reality
A demon is trying to harm me... Help.
N1ggaaaaaa
Songs of Yggdrasil, my brother's journal pt. 3
The screams of the deaf
I work for The Corporation. The progress we've made. (Part 6)
the breaking.
Listen Carefully!!!They are near....The cult with 3.6 Billion people!!!
If you hear tapping on your window, she's found you
I've been in line for 3 years
Turn Around!
My art tells the future
Dear Mom
I Am A Deep Web Archivist - Automated final message
Don’t stop scrubbing.
I can't stop screaming.
28 Year Old Found Dead At PowerFoxGames
Suicide runs in my family, but not in the way you'd expect.
PARIS: HOW I ESCAPED THE CLUTCHES OF A DARK CURSE IN THE CITY OF THE CATACOMBS
I was briefly trapped in the Mac and Cheese World
Mutant Storm (Part 1)
Eight Ways to Paradise: The Final Seal (part 1)
My brother's favorite show is on at midnight
I Work At The Only Pizza Place In Town(Part 6)
I think my son is a psychopath
There's Room For One More
Area 51.
Associates
There is something wrong with my electronic devices.
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. People have been going missing around here, and I’m determined to protect my kids from whatever is going on around here. (Part 2)
Those weren't the "space rocks" I was expecting...I attended an estate sale and brought more than I bargained for
The Tape (Part Three
I took pills to die and instead gained Immortality Part 2
Dark Somnium discord Link Nosleep
That Time of the Month. (Part 1)
Tap. Tap. Tap.
The Last Safe Place in the World is an NSA Facility in Alaska
A Summary of Tales Most Foul and Heinous
The letter K will keep me safe. The other letter will kill me.
my town is haunted pt. 2
The plague of Sandra. Part 1.
20/20
Some of the scariest stories are the truest.
Can someone make a really good story about sleep paralysis?
Every three months my daughter and I have to move. I think it might be time to tell her why. Chapter 3
I was a hydrologist who led a research study in another country during the monsoon season. Something I cannot explain lives in the floods.
I think I'm connected to something divine, and I don't know why
The Forgotten Man
The Eyes in the Treeline
Am I the monster?
Does anyone remember this?
What causes the horrors?
PLEASE HELP I think I’m trapped in another dimension
My school is empty: It was full hours ago
The Letterbox Slot Part 2
The concrete statue I stole won't kill me. Only people I hate
The Leaning Oak
When I was a child, my friend and I found a hole in the wall.
The sun went down when I was a few years old; it hasn't come back since
Going crazy with fear
I Live In A Town That Doesn't Exist: 106.6 WKYM
I Was Raised By A Monster
A kid knocked on my door, I'm in a snowy forest with no one around for miles. (Part 1)
I grew up in a haunted house. Now I’m worried that the new occupants are in terrible danger.
My Tinder Date is kind of a Creep
There is something in the house and it’s waiting.
‘My back seat has a permanent dent’
Where has the world gone?
I work for the newspaper in a small town. I'm reporting on a time capsule, what I found inside is horrifying: pt 1. Some pretence and 1954
R/NoSleep I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store, u/Voodoo_Clerk
The nightmare
I was invited to the Darkness
I'll make my arrows from your bones. Final Part
The Land of Terrible Happiness
I hate chemistry
Moved to a trailer park, a little creeped out
Unfamiliar Roads
Don’t go south
The Pilliga
My worst nightmares are the best dreams and I've ever had
I became a test subject for s new sleeping drug. I cannot distinguish my dreams from reality
Something crying...
Weird flashes
Why Won't You Talk To Me?
The Only Time I've Left my Hometown Was to Hide a Body
The Inescapable Store
The yellow figures are alive and they take you
The Maiden Festival (Part 2)
I don't know what I did or what I've done for this to happen
I visited my family cabin two years after my father drowned in the lake.
I can't remember how I died. All I need is my computer password.
My Coronavirus Conspiracy
Understand
HE comes once a year(2nd year)
Im stuck in a house that i cannot exit.
MA AND POP'S VELVET MOONSHINE
We Clean up Scientific Mistakes - Final
I found a journal made by some strange guy. My life will never be the same, and I'm afraid.
My Childhood Ghost Stories (Story 1&amp;2)
Do Not Close Your Eyes During a Shower
New Project!
Inside a Mirror
Everything in my house was replaced
No good will come of this (part 1)
I'm an ex-SWAT officer, and I've discovered the horrific truth of our existence (Final Part)
Mirror Image
thispersondoesnotexist
Crazy
Four Ham Sandwiches and My High School Crush
I knew there was a kidnapper in my town, and he captured me. PART-2
Who are they?
My closet has something in it and its not normal
The Green Man Nearly Killed Us
The Heart of the Devil’s Desert
I decided to check out a local urban legend. There's more to it than I thought.
I Was A Stagehand For A Darkweb Gameshow - Guess This Image (Part 3)
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders.
Grandma Korgine and that Street
We Were Targeted
Book of Doom - “Living the Dream”
Ghost Light
The woman who walked her dogs
I ruined my face.
The Midnight Meeting
Take a walk with me. I wanna chat with you. I wanna tell you how I got away with murder.
Two hollow eyes follow me in the dark
Don't Listen to the Radio after Midnight
like a ticking time bomb.
d
I'm a n overnight janitor. Last night, one of our buses cam back...different
3am and dreams
Jacob’s Door
Between The Pages
A year ago I tried to kill myself. I keep seeing the couple who saved me.
The Morning that changed my life for good.
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Final
Whiskey Hunt
I Found a Stranger In a Bridge: The Letter (Pt. 2)
Never Answer the Door for a Stranger
I’m a time traveler from the year 2034
The Monster Inside Me
Everything you knew.
My uncle gave me a high-power telescope. What I saw came after me.
My old friend
The Birds Keep Dying in Our Town
The Perfect Murder
The Catholic Church knows the truth about Hell, but the documents are buried deep within the Vatican Secret Archive. (penultimate part)
I love horror but I don't love my dreams
My wife just bought a doll
I'm an embalmer who paints symbols on corpses. Then one night, I realized the symbols had power.
There’s a red door in my basement I am afraid of what it might be inside
I Keep Dreaming Of A Missing Little Girl - II
My mom and uncle spotter an apparition over a video call
Corn mazes might seem like the last safe outdoor activity, but this one scared the shit out of me
I created the Venus Flytrap
Alexa
I live alone and I think someone or something is hunting me
I was told surviving college is hard. We just keep hoping we survived the night. (Part 2)
One weird deer...
The ghost in the well
I don’t think I’m the last one in the office
It's not the dark. It's what's in it. Pt 2.
Oskar's Truck Stop
An Unexpected Encounter
Rosetta Stone
Where do I begin
It takes very little to become paranoid maniacs
Changing seasons .askung you to love without reasons
The world outside my school has vanished.
He won't leave me alone
Noises in the Basement
Fringe Part Two: /Shift/
For my dear princess...
Aleuromancy
It’s hard to see them dead. (Part 2)
The Falling into Freedom without Fear, or 3F RitualOstia
Say My Name
The School Takes Them
Tales From a Small Town: Alien lights above the hills
Deafening.
Yellowing Walls and Buzzing Lights Are the Only Things I Know Now
Why you should never use headphones after 12 AM
My Brother Hates Me. I Don’t Have A Brother.
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 14
Jab-76842-8
I will never play oujia board againg...
Never Go Kayaking at the BFSH Eden Retreat
after the death of my grandmother, her house was passed down to me. But I wish I never got it.
An Eternity With Them
Dear Father
Do Not Take the Last Train Home
I looked in the mirror this morning
This story drove my psychiatrist away
The Goth and the Pork
I found a letter written three hundred years ago. I wish I hadn't.
I Thought I Could Handle The Quarantine But There's Something Living in My Walls
The Monster in my Closet
How I got two misbehaving siblings to get along
Something kept me awake for several nights
I DONT THINK PEPOLE UNDERSTAND THE AMOUNT OF STRESS THAT THERE PUTING PEPOLE UNDER
11.23.2020
You Are What You Meat
my journey into lucid dreaming
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and there's no escaping. (Pt. 3)
My Friend's Dark Secret
Stay with me
My Grandfather Died and His Will Demands That I Kill My Father (Part 3)
She Is Gone Pt. II
I just want to keep falling.
How to Survive Camping - I'm starting to dislike children
Please read this. I promise I'm not crazy. I just want to help. (Part 2)
My Cousin is Really Good at Hide-and-Seek.
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 4)
My employer turns people into drugs. He wants me to enter the family business.
My suicide attempt opened an impossible doorway.
I am waiting
Nothing is right.
Jewelry.
I came home to find my mother's decaying corpse in my sisters bed
A luxury I dont deserve
I've Been To Hell, This Is What I Saw (Part 5)
Candy Lady
The Thing on My Doorstep (complete with all updates)
Don’t let the bed bugs bite
This document from the Vatican Secret Archive reveals the true horrors that occurred during the Spanish Inquisition. (part 3)
The salted meat was the first to run out.
breaker
The Initiation (part 1)
This is a warning: conversion rate.
The Human Zoo
The Last Words Game: How it Started
The Backwoods of Somerset
I took a job as a retail worker in a small town. These rules are no joke. (Part 2)
Epilogue of a murder and the murderer
FOR EVERY UPVOTE=1$ TO #TEAMTREES(i will post proofs)
The Way Home
Akros!
No refunds for curses
I'm A Medical Examiner, And I Think My Latest Patient Died Before.
The Voodoo Princess
The Forest(part 1)
The Earth is alive
there are clowns hunting me down
(UPDATE) The lights were out in my work stairwell today.
Crazy stalker girl stalks me and threaded me also triggers my PTSD
02-16-2020 Finding &amp; Fulfilling Your Purpose By Developing The Habits Of...
The Blue Man Part One.
The Woodmen Part-2
The Rollercoaster
“THE PATIENT WHO COULDN’T BE REACHED” (Gory Thriller/Horror Story) - Fictional.
The Shattering
Tuesday Fiona
Exodus
Directions to My House and How to Avoid What Descends on Sunbeams
I feel empty and nothing i've done helps
WAR IS HELL. And no one knows that fact better than hell's denizens. The Dining Room
I heard strange noises inside and outside, now I’m playing some sick game. (Part 4)
The Center for Personalized Health at Northwell Health is currently recruiting for a virtual, at-home Personalized Trial of Light Therapy for Fatigue. Participants can be located anywhere in the U.S. If you are interested in learning more, please visit https://www.personalizedhealth.org/fatigue
Fixed
I used to love space now I hate every bit of it
The Man in My Closet
I live in a small town. We just had an emergency broadcast
Tales from my bedroom
Lake Vacío Debajo
Delet
I was caught masturbating to a Yugioh card in the school bathroom
Nocturnal Majesty
whats the piont
I am a World War II historian. This is what happened when I turned on the lights.
Mediation Music, Relax Mind, Deep Relaxation Music, Sleep Music, Yoga Music
The (over)population lie
ALL YOUR HOUSE ARE BELONG TO US
Don’t ever steal from the mob.
Woman In Need For Vampire Hunter Accomplice
I'm trapped in a cinema, I don't have long
have you ever felt this way before?
The Dog Who Sees Spirits
NEVER go in an escape room that you find in the woods
High on anger
The Well Lady
My Grandmother's Secret Part Two
Ma’am it’s on all fours
Call for Short Horror Writers
My eyeballs just wouldn't stop itching.
The locker room smells worse than usual..
Guaranteed for Life!
i guess my sweet little friend isn't so sweet...
I can smell death
Never record yourself sleeping.
The long awaited strike
A Kettle for the Sake
The mystery man who’s existence is shrouded in mystery
True story from a school trip.
On July 4th 1996, Benjamin Duke Burned to Death
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age nineteen, I met the blindfolded man again.
I cool music drool
Silverstone Inc. (Part 1)
Just Smile.
Templar Anomaly research and repossession Log 1: Schmugglers Gier
Superheroes are fucked up too.
I saw a urban legend and he broke my phone...
I think something's wrong with my dad.
I’ve been assigned to the site Omega base. The instructions were strange indeed.
People have always said I had a familiar face, and I finally found out why
beyond our reality; my sixth sense.
The Virus Is Mutating.
Captivity Opened my Eyes - Part 2/3
A cat has appeared in my apartment
Why I'm never going camping again
I found out something strange about my coworkers at work. Now I know why.
We found a portal to a portal to a world where homo sapiens never evolved part we saw what the world became without us. it shocked us part 3/3
FUCK this hospital! Part 1 of 2
Ever since moving into my stepfather’s new house, he’s always made it clear of one rule: Never go inside the basement. The kids he's keeping captive have glowing eyes.
My Home Owners Association seems to be a little too passionate about enforcing its rules.
Finding Skin Walker Cave
The Last Letters
The Drowned.
I NEED HELP PT 1
Undertaleexe
I met the shadow man...
Mirrorverse
Complete stranger
I roleplayed with my dead furry friend.
No Sleep By IcyVCA.yt
Four is the Law
TRY IT. STAY IF YOU LIKE.
Black van
They took my child
I swear, I'm not there
My girlfriend's obsessed with gardening.
Dear Annie
A Quiet Moment
An Expensive Trick
The Red Eyed Beast - Part I
What am I not seeing?
They’re in my house. Help. (Extended version)
A Day Out
She crys at dawn
My wife and I bought a ranch in the mountains last year, and my neighbor had some interesting suggestions on how to manage our new land. Finale: Winter Ghosts
New Year's Revolution
Strange men keep coming to our houses to ask about what we’ve seen
What No One Told Me About Losing Weight
Someone left behind their bag in our pub on a purpose.
When The End Comes: The Doctor's In
my special auntie is the best!
There is a monster in my closet
One Minute Survey: better sleep with startup alarm clock
This happened yesterday
Real events, real people. Two men were in in my house as I got home from work.
Food is served
Sleep is a luxury when you stop taking your meds. I found out the hard way.
what would you do for love? (real story)
Your Number 1 Fan- Parts 3-4
My life as a jaga (Part-1)
99% Off ($0.09) Amazon UOFOCO Ankle Boots for Women Ladies Plus Size Hollow Boots Casual Belt Buckle High-Heeled Shoes
My father's cabin, the creature
Someone stole a story and posted it on youtube
I wanted to share some journal entries that are newly disclosed
I Contracted An STD Nobody Has Ever Heard Of
I decided to uncover my sister's secert. I wish I hadn't ...( PART 1)
They're everywhere.
There is someone up there
my encounter with the 'angel of death'
They tried to steal a body from morgue
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part three)
My local McDonald’s is different at night.
Same dreams over and over
I’m afraid to go swimming again
I had an awful dream last night
How a Book and a Homeless Dude Saved my life…For Now
I Work The Night Shift at an Airport, I Saw Something Disturbing
The spookiest story ever
The Night Land
Look what you made me do(TRUE) I just avoided being robbed by armed thieves because my room is a complete disaster and I'm so grateful to it
My cats tried to warn me, but it was too late
The Kugelblitz, the Terror, and the Schrodinger's Man
Area 51 is the biggest cover up in human history
Who is the Pitch-black looking Boy Figure and where does he really Exist?
the laptop
Empty Shell
One... Two... Three...
I'm a pop music fan from 2026.
This is my horrifying journey of realizing the truth of doors!
I found something in the cabin I'm renovating.
My grandmother warned me never to step on a crack. ( Part 1 )
When I see myself reflected in your blood, you are no more
I Can't Clean This Stain
I received a strange e-mail, and I think I'm in danger.
I regret locking myself up in my locker at school
The harbinger experiment
The Request
I stopped growing hairs in my gum hole, teeth in my wound, and fingernails in my scalp (PART 5)
Why do they always laugh
My Talk With An Elder
Wolfman
Me and my friends tried summoning Bloody Mary... I think it worked too well
The Dog Man
The Monkey On My Back
Housekeeping
I am unqualified for this position (part 3)
Knocked Out
The Deadlands
I've been keeping a dream journal for three years. Looking back, something doesn't seem right.
I inherited a mansion. Now I have unwanted guests.
Elizabeth's Diary (Trigger warning: child abuse)
My wife was asleep for longer than usual and it ruined my life
I Don't Want To Be You Anymore
Hi, I’m actually looking for a story I read on here a while back
‘Twas the First Night After Christmas we were under attack
Slenderman Has Returned
My strange babysitter
Pumpkinman
I used to drive for Lyft for about three weeks. This is what happened before I stopped.
From inside a human zoo
Every time my car breaks down, a figure appears.
Camp Wanahee (Part 8)
I Decided to Solve a Case My Father Never Could, I Still Have a Hard Time Believing What Really Happened pt. 1.
Bad Neighbor
The man under bed
Summer of 1882, and a strange little girl enters my sons birthday party
Death
The other eye
Whats hiding in my friend's closet?
The Crawler of Cantwell Cliffs
I think my neighbour tried to cast a spell on me - final
My next door neighbour kept complaining to me that i was being too quiet
My moms Grandma favorite song.
Weekend meal
Someone has been killed aboard my ship. And the murderer is still onboard.
The Day That Changed Everything Part 1
My mom has been missing for years. I think I might have found her.
I want to set the world on fire. (A short trip into psychosis)
False Promises
On average, each resident of the Vatican drinks 74 liters of wine per year. I found out why.
Hi everyone, it's Ashely. Thank you for everything.
I've been killing monsters since 1985.
Trevor's Tales S1E3: Peace
Dishwasher
free 2 months kindle trail with amazon just started.
My name is Tom and I'm a drug addict
Found this note in the morgue. Does anyone know these people?
Residence: Greg
I study inter-dimensional creatures at a top secret government facility, and one of them has escaped
Why won’t you just stop it, who’s next?
The message
I'm an Animal Rights Activist. I took part in a Liberation Action that went horribly wrong.
I’m An Only Child, But I Have Two Sisters and A Brother
They can see us
I Was Trapped In A Phone Booth
They kidnapped me in the middle of the night. Now I'm fighting for my life. PART 2
The hanging man in my apartament..
I found some instructions graffitied in the lift in my block of flats. I shouldn't have followed them.
Dear prize winner.
I found the journal of a murderer in a forest close to my town that had recent incidents. Part 2 (Finale)
Are there any others out there like me and how do I control this? Please let me know if you have any information.
Tip Tap
Bring your gun to the barn next time.
The Mannequin - a creepypasta I wrote for an Adult video I shot. I am a new writer and greatly appreciate your critique. I want to improve as this is my first story.
I finally lost the weight!
Join the phenomenological rebellion!
I accidentally contacted an entity from another dimension named Baba - Part 4
Bus station
My Grandpa's Final Request
Ocean Sounds | 1 Hour, No Music
My coworker has been turning me into a monster
MOTHMAN &amp; ME
Neverwood
I grew up trapped in a haunted house. A masked psychopath set me free.
My dad found some strange journal entries from the 1980s about a classified program called Project AURORA.
The Old Town Train
Grease
No one?
I went out in the sun in September and came back with the Devil's Itch.
DO NOT GO TO A PLACE CALLED S073 (part one)
My Father, a Travelling Preacher Man, Forced Me to Bear Witness to Things I wish to God I could forget.
The Feeling Of It
The bridge has vanished, and the army is there
From One Mother To Another
Best feeds in 3 layered hair 2019
The Old Barn and The Wolf
Getting my novel published cost far too much to bear
My Whole Town Is A CULT.
Them (part 2)
What I saw out the window gave me chills.
Called to Schedule My Dog to be Put Down in the Morning - So 😔 TIL - How Precious Time - tonight will be no sleep.
Fane of the Stygian Memory
Cybershock
(!PART ONE!) so... i got sent to this mental institution...
My father was angel, my mother a witch, and my girlfriend was taken into hell by a pale white devil. This is the story of how I got her back. PART 3
I've discovered the tomb of a forgotten pharaoh. Now my colleagues are dying.
The Blackwalk
I smirked at the idea of ​​a dependent who can make people commit suicide... Now it's too late to regret it.
I was born 40 years late, and then killed at 18. Here's the rest.
Man in the top hat
Something bizarre happened to me when I was 13 years old, and my life has been weird ever since.
Someone Who Requested Art From Me Took It Too Far
Respect is immortal.
who cares
Unwelcome in my own home
The Land Of Ash: Chapter 1.
Become a Cop, They Said. It'll Be Fun, They Said.
My sister told me she would always protect me
I’m trapped in hell
I work in retail at the corner store. We make the world's best sausages. I guarantee it.
I got a job as a programmer, the game company I work in has very weird rules
The Red Man
the burning diamond under the ocean
My Town Had a Set of Rules to Follow On Saturday's.
The Viperman
Horor STORY in the Salt-lake city
That thing crawling in my dad's friend restaurant.
Why is no one talking about the people in the background of porn?
Piece of Paper
Please help figure this video (skit) out
Fabian socialist eugenics
Marigold's Playplace
An Evil Sickness (pt. 1)
My friends,
People I need help, I'm afraid of myself
SICKBOY
Dog Adoption: Dogs Aren’t Allowed in my Home Town.
Formication
The God in the living room (Part 2)
I went into the mirror and there are monsters in my house now pt2
Something has been resetting the clock ever since my grandma died
I need help listening to my chemical romance is giving me powers (fake story)
The horrors of gender reveal parties.
Pls read my 2 horror stories named Bloody Christmas and Trick Or Die
I work the night shift on a cruise. I found a horrifying list of rules (part 3)
Lennigvard Acdemey
The Tell-Tale Turd
My name is Sam. Don't come for me. Part 2: Life without my right hand.
Plymouth Fury's Bloody Sundays S1E1 - Dead Of Night
I Went To O.J.'s House
What are some of the best stories on this sub?
Help? I guess...
"I grew up without a mom" STORY
Marmalade
Wes it a Ghostly Ghouls or a Homeless Hags? WWJD?
Just a scratch
Jasmine Tea
My Fiancée has photos of me that I’ve never seen before?
Mirror, Mirror on the Wall
Im a surgeon, and people keep coming in with missing fingers.
Maternity Row: The Pregnant Virgin
It’s been seventeen days
i will make sure you never sleep again by using emojis on reddit😈
I was forced to take shelter in my haunted basement during a tornado.
Vashikaran Specialist +91-8729032992
Cross-eye.the "Fun" game
The Vessel
There's tapping from inside my closet door. Everyone is asleep.
The Walmart Serial Killer
He'll Get You
Please help me, a struggling student
Encounter with what I believe was a demon
201 Caldwell Drive (Part Two)
gaami
I was challenged to survive till next week for 10 million dollars. It keeps getting worse.
To Whom it May Concern
Rise of Yaw'Keii
Every Night I Dream About Hanging from a Bridge by the Teeth
Olivia
I’m having daily panic attacks, but my symptoms are so bizarre I’m too frightened to tell anybody.
Don't go into the forest
I don't think I'm going to survive my Deep Web Job
The Dog Runs
It’s just the nerves getting to me
"It's my first ever story, be easy on me :)"
Knowledge is Power, Knowing is Torture
The rules of my new apartment were a bit weird
Are there any animals in Oregon that sound like human? (Part 2)
My daughter and her friend went to the banded place
I kept seeing her. Finally found out why
I’ve been hired to find a lost satanical painting. Unexplainable things have started happening since I began my search.
Warn me
Sleep demon???
There is something in the house with me
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and Something Went Very Wrong (Part 1)
BECAME THE ONLY STUDENT IN MY CLASS
Evil Returns
Are any of these stories actually legit?
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There
My Sister Hasn't Been Herself Lately, and Now She's Missing
Balmus
I got a job at a secret government facility, today I got my first assignment. (2)
The Longlegs
A Voice in the Vent
The Mad Butcher of Easttown
Best Friends
The images I see
Did I Have a Bad Dream?
I’m Piper
I explored an abandoned campus yesterday. something followed me home.
Smiles The Clown-doll
Wrote this in 10th grade coming off an acid trip
My 1.5 hour drive is now over 24 hours (UPDATE)
Pokemon Smashed Sapphire
The Flesh on his face is gone
I killed my cat.
I am a medical worker and y the laws of nature I should not be alive right now.
Does anyone have the link to a story about a family that was immortal to the point where when they died they would always come back to life in the morning? But something eventually starts killing them off.
The man who stalks me
i know this is long but please god read it. does anybody know anything about sun people?!
My family rented a house for a reunion, now half of the people have gone missing
The screaming woman
Entitled Karen Thinks I Stole Her Camera
My time in Purgatory-Part 1
No matter who it is, NEVER answer a call at midnight!Found some hex numbers in a pastebin while browsing publics, and was curious and converted it to text. What the hell should I do now?? :( I'm scared.
He will
THE ENCOUNTER.
The Rain 2
My Phone keeps taking photos of the Future
I only eat fish
I Think I'm Having a Psychotic Episode.
I’ve been seeing the same girl everywhere
The Course Of Religion
The demon that haunts my brothers closet
Movie name
I died in my sleep and it wasn’t peaceful
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 3
The Chef
Is this real life?
I used to work as a police officer until I saw this.
Help finding a post on here??
Cold Hollow
I Married My True Love. Now My Family's After Him.
Observer.
I Finally Paid Off My Heaviest Debt. Now I Have to Learn to Live with Myself.
It was supposed to save the world. It didn't work.
Pigeon Stew
When I was 15, I met the dragon that rolls the dice
As a child, the number seventeen ruined my life. Now it's back and I can't escape it.
What lurks beneath - pt 2
There are ALWAYS worse things than monsters...
I applied as a night class teacher in a Catholic School, the school minister gave me rules to follow
Document Found By Police In An Empty Cabin (Part 5)
Silhouettes
It wasn't sleep paralysis.
My mama cooks the best Adobo so I brought my best friend in for a taste
My Godfather is a Demon. Kinda.
A spirit is chasing me
Statement concerning the disappearance and apparent murder of Georgie Coleman
Never buy a ghost online. It's not a get rich quick scheme.
I hate length of badges. And I want you to trigger me by giving me as much badges as you can. (Kinda don't know where to post this so I post it here)
It’s Hunting Us
‘Twas the Tenth Night Before Christmas I had too much to drink
My missing father gave me a family heirloom, and now the guest room won’t stop screaming.
Possession goes beyond what you have seen in media.
The company I work for has a list of rules that new employees never follows.
Anyone here know who "I" am?
My Demon, Pt. 2: Something Is In The House
I bought a live ancient creature for 42 bucks
Does blindness affect woman’s choice when it comes to dating someone
Long Time, No See.
Democracy will prevail and the stones will rumble
Why you never stop in mobile Alabama for gas
I'm an elevator repairman - The finale - How to escape from hell
They Came, Marching In Perfect Synchronization
Out on Lake Okeechobee
What is a good list of the scariest creepypasta stories?
Garden of souls PART 1
The man on the corner of 8th street
I Snuck Into The Closed Off Part Of The Disney Utilidors
My final voyage took me to Hell. Never again will I set sail.
Everything is true here, even if they aren't
Never leave things unfinished...
Ghost of an Admiral (Part 2)
Does anything we do actually mean anything?
Has this happened to you yet??
I need your help, I have opened the second basement
Incoming Message
Something, or someone, kept watching me while inwas trying to sleep.
An old TV played the outcome of the choices I didn't make.
Red eyes
May sound not real and not scary, but definitely makes me think about moving out. Need advice.
Imora is missing
I found something when I was home alone. I’m not sure the police will help me.
My name is Hannah, Today is my first day at school.
What is the most frightening thing you have experienced in prison?
My dead friend wants whiskey. Or he'll kill me.
Something Woke Me Up In The Middle Of The Night
Shower 5
Haunted House claims lives (true story)
I️ think I️ unleashed hell on earth.
My daughter's recovery from RHD is scaring me.
Lullaby music playing from inside the wardrobe at the same time each night at a relative’s house
I work for the Government’s top agency and there is something you need to know
My first night in my new home. I think i might've cut a wrong deal..
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry that I ever did. (PART 2)
Trying to find a story (sorry if this breaks the rules)
Whistles
Your cards say death.
The Skinwalker
"RUN"
When I was little, I stumbled upon what was said to be a forest where monsters lived
I woke up in a snow globe 15 days ago, I can't live like this anymore.
I was nearly raped during my commute home.
Do NOT play the closet game (part 1)
What Happened to the Babysitter?
Bodies Are Growing in My House (Part Two)
I got some floppy discs for Christmas. I wish I never checked what's inside.
I Can’t Breathe
I took a small break to get away from life, but something bizarre happened to me at the hotel
I have Raynaud’s, and I’m about to be buried alive.
I'm an undercover CIA agent assigned to investigate a town, something isn't right here... "The Experiment". (Part one)
Wings of Blood and Beauty
I just heard something disturbing on my car radio.
Who am I (Pt 1)
What cryptid would you not want to encounter?
Your Guide to Having a Pleasant Experience at the Ryce Property
I work at a Call Center that services the recently deceased -- 6/23/2020 (Part 2)
Sleepfall Chapter 2
Snowstorms are deadly in more ways than one...
Pest Control - Ground Floor (Part 1)
The Babby
I got hired to write rules for strange jobs, now my job has its own set of strange rules
The showers
There's a locked door in my new apartment
Don't look out the window
I'm a chemist and we had a freak accident at the lab. The entire city is in danger.
Celestial
Am I really me?
I'm possessed by a demon, and it's not that bad actually. Part 2.
I wish I'd skipped the funeral.
Salt of the Earth, Part 2: Life at the Farm
If you hear a nursery rhyme called Snippity Snap, you need to read this as a matter of life and death.
There's an entity in my apartment that wants to hurt me
The Untold Stories of the World, issue one - The Itchy Tooth
Scratches on the Water
The Tick Tock Man
Among us
There's No Telling What You May See As A Limo Driver
The Legend of Ol' Mother Cleaver
I don’t smoke at work anymore
Ghost
The Worst Advice I’ve Ever Received
I think I've got demons in my neighbourhood.
Pigeon StewThe Marsh
My doppelganger
I decided to check out a local urban legend. I'd rather not have known the truth.
Real Estate Is Hard Enough When The Property Isn't Haunted (Part 3) Series
For all the unrepeatable moments: Last Wishes
The Blueberry farm (updated version)
no luck next time
My cat is haunted - please help
"Wanted: Assistant Manager for Travelling Circus."
The Dullahan
Don’t go hunting alone, please I beg you.
Iron Man
I should not hired a nanny.
Organist who couldn't stop playing the organ after death
Her candle drawer is dwindling
I’m the Only Survivor of My Family’s Car Crash: Now They Won’t Leave Me Alone
Just the boiler right?
I'm a member of a security task-force. I've been sent on a mission I can't explain.
Monsters Don’t Exist Or Do They? (Part 1)
Venus's Journal
My dreams are haunted by this demonic child.
It Moves Closer Every Night
We’re stuck in a parallel dimension because of a detention
He was just joking
I loved my Girlfriend but....
I kill people for entertainment. But it isn't what you think. (part 1)
I am--or was--a Director of Air Traffic Operations for the FAA and, well, there's something worse than COVID-19 out there
Thinking of moving countries to start a fresh life, don't know where to start.
My mother loves me.
If Theres Scratching on the Door at Night, Its Not a Bear.
Incident Report: Room 4086. March 4th 1989.
Speculate.
Little Ria doesn't look like her mom.
My Coworkers Will Not Stop Talking About Area 51
Telephone Call
The Santa Claus list
The Lady of the Lagoon
Every year I take my grandson trick-or-treating. I think I will stop.
Her name is Mummy.
What if everytime you fall asleep, your conciousness, that makes you you, dies. Which in the morning is replaced with a perfect copy of the previous conciousness, with all it's memories.
I read my dead mother's diary. I don't know if I can ever forgive myself. (Part 5)
I think I inherited a murder house
My manager has strange food cravings. I think I'm in way over my head.
Please Do Me A Favor, Just Take A Breath
My wife and I just moved into my Grandad's old house
Hello? Anyone there? Can you hear me?
The weekend my friends and I hope to never remember.
The Earthlings S16 E2 - Car Crash - (Part 3)
I think I met my grandfather........ After he died
I saw my grandmother...
I'm going to die today
Don’t hide from cryptids in Alaska, they’re worse here
My sister's hamster disappeared
I'll take my nightmares seriously from now on. (pt2)
They are real to me.
It was just sleep paralysis..Right?
Stash House
If you've read any stories on here in the past two weeks, you might be in danger.
Suggestions for best reads?
A Place Called Apple
The last words of a dying patient
I’m a new actor for a Wild West model town. The truth about some of the visitors.
Keys wallet passport clothes three
The time i got suspended from school
Babysitting Experience
Old Graveyards, Chanel #5 And Me.
Pumpkin spice
I Inherited A Cursed Object
SERIES - Magic is Real, and I Don't Like It - PART 3
Just a Game
10 years ago my friend survived a plane crash. He came back for revenge. Part 1/2
My mother always told me to buy a house with a window over the sink.
1-800-deaths doorstep
Sundown Town (Part I)
The amber alert
Tell us the creeping story that happened to you?
Demons (Part 1) (Reuploaded)
I Think I Accidentally Joined a Cult...
The Hand...
I found a dangerous treasure.
The deer on Mille Lacs lake
My aunt has been acting weird since this boy showed up to our house
The book in the graveyard
Madama Tousignon.
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
Old Town in the mountains
I’m not sure who I had empathy towards or if I had none at all.
Uprooted
Where did they go
I think my friend might become a school shooter
I Hunt Unruly Spirits
Unnatural Combinations
I live in a tower block where strange things happen all the time. The man threatened my babies
The Neverglades Mysteries: "Black Valentine (Part 2)"
STAINED parts 3+4/4
Country Road
For Years I Thought I Was Blind
If you look long and hard enough, dig in places you shouldn't be, you can find things like this.
Looking for stories
The Haunting at 9 Woodland Close (Part 1)
I’ve been having sleep paralysis, now I see them outside (part 1)
Something's wrong with the bridges
My Girlfriend Has Been Acting Strange Lately ((Part 2))
My Parents Aren't Right
The Sasser Flea Market
Something is knocking on the window.
The midnight game...I played
The Rat people of PA
Never Bring Kids to White Rock Creek
Greasy couch and a hard place.
Something is in the TV.
A Face In The Water
I can’t begin to grasp at what I saw at 11 pm outside my curtains
I Think My Guardian Angel Might Be A Serial Killer (Part 1)
What you need to know to survive your first night on the street, Part 1 of 2
I saw something on my sister's phone that shouldn't exist
It's probably my last night in the hospitalIt's probably my last night in the hopsital
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Our father just showed up for the first time in years, and he has answers I can hardly believe
Blackwoods Bend Part Thirteen - The Red Room
Footsteps in the apartment above mine.
The eagle is here
I'm staying in a hotel down in Tennessee for job training. There a odd set of rules in the bedside pamphlet. (Part 3)
Who's texting me off my wife's Snapchat?
I've got a new dog...
I found out why my family kept me from going in the woods
My consciousness entered another realm, and I can’t stop thinking about it.
The Forgotten Box of Horrors
My love, why am I feeling sad?
The Antichrist Case
A Face Well Used
The House I Inherited Is Haunted
The Night Shift at the East Lake Power Plant
my parents had a strange rule(part 3): guests are always welcome
I hired a locksmith to let me back inside my house. Unfortunately, I hadn't thought to read his online reviews.
The Pickaxe Men At The Campsite
It's Not About the Cats
I Lost My Crutches in Pope Lick Creek
Hospital Night
Im stuck between life and death
I wrote a creepypasta ritual.It worked.
Leningrad is Burning
The Beast that Haunts Me: Part Three
My school goes through a battle royale competition every year.
My Mother Went Missing While On Vacation (Part 2)
Peace and quietness
The girl in the cave. (Part 1)
I will bring back my family
I've worked in a Top Secret government facility since the 70s. This is my confessional.
He's seen me
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 7
The Autonomancer’s Homunculus - Recipe Not Included
I cant rember what happened.
Does anyone know this song?
"It's upstairs."
ERR: NULL
Chapter 1- How i got under investigation by the FBI, Australian police and -- Gang
In bed, MCB(electrical circuit breaker) trips off , sees a white gaze, hears a "zwooorp" , leg gets a shock.
I Found out Why I Dread Sleep
A document for our researchers:
The Voices
Today I will die...
I’m a mock indigo
How to Survive Camping - a gummy bear hugged me and it was as awful as you'd expect
I ruined my life trying to make new friends
Organic You.
The Pastor wants you to know this.
Am I going crazy?
I unknowingly cut down an enchanted tree. And my life fell to pieces.
I Live on a Farm out in the Sticks. Something Weird Is Happening to Us.
If You See This You Need To HIDE
Mr. Ostor33 Is Typing...
Nosleep has been hiding a terrible secret, and i just figured it out.
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Womens Loose Button Blouse, Casual Short Long Sleeve Floral Printed Tunic Top T-shirt S-
I have a hitman after me
Run, fight, or simply ignore him, but if you come across someone who calls himself The Purveyor, do not make a deal.
The Mirror
Bad Dreams
An old woman has been stalking me for years.
Everything Is Okay Now
REM Sleep Phantoms
‘Twas the Eleventh Night Before Christmas I acted in haste
I am 12 years old, and I'm not supposed to be here. But I need your help.
I think my friends plotting something..
When War brings death closer than ever.
I'm trapped in an abandoned neighborhood, and there's something lurking here
If You Ever Come to a Place Called Slappy's Diner, Do Not Stop...
The Lurking Dread of Malus Bay
I Was Kidnapped By One Of The 7 Deadly Sins
The Conspiracy of Quebec Whisky
My dead mother used to visit me
I don't know who I can trust, and who not..
Somebody help bring awareness to this short
There's something in the woods surrounding my town
I officially regret finding the Southwest wing.
Magdalena Cave
A strange situation
I trusted my gut feeling
The man in the road
Snowfall in the Red Valley
I'm only twenty years old, but I've lived thousands of lives.
The Reason I Resigned As An FBI Special Agent
The Most Popular Girl In School
The Deconstruction of Jasmine
Something came out of that damned hole under the fence by the strip mall.
Beneath the Golden Pine part three- Brownstone
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people. Final.
Something Watches me Sleep
Empty space
The Counting Man:The Counting Man’s Choice
Why does everything become bigger and I feel like I’m out of my body?
My grandma gave me a music box, and i really wish i could return it...
I work for a veterinarian who never, never lets a dog die.
Hey guys here is,''Ingest,'' enjoy it with the lights on!
This is why you shouldn’t date your roommate
Those things in the sky.
My moms childhood
My father's secret
Food For Thought
There's a new disease in my home town and it’s growing.
Svetla
See what Chinese Government told Nigeria Government Over Corona Virus Outbreak
My baby momma is missing
The Four Judges
The First Love of a Millions and Millions Year Old Dragon
Should've never left my bed (Part 2 of 3)
Every month a parade would pass through my hometown, but we were never allowed to look at it
Lake of mystery
The day my meat started to beat... It self
I’ve lost my grip on reality
I Can Still Feel His Gaze Peering From Under The Cursed Bridge…
I'm a sonic car hop, but I keep the speaker live after people order (FINALE)
The Flesh Man. (Part 2)
Never Go To An Island Filled With Cultists In Search Of A Missing Girl
Where did my leg go?
Hellhounds don’t come from hell, what’s inside them do.
Playing with Fire
If You See a Creepy Commercial Always Buy What It's Selling
The panda doll my late grandma gave me
I have found the journal of a priest in the 1820's. Part 1
Word with friends game
Ghost Rider in the Sky
I can freeze time, here's how.
Searching for plaboy tv show when john followed a women for 50 min across the city to get her number and she gave it to him
NIGHTMARE_WOOD(2).txt
I'm A Therapist And My Patient Is Convinced He's The Antichrist.
Help I'm being stalked by botnets and I don't know what to do to get rid of them.
“Everything around us will rot."
Remembering old memories - Guardian Angel
How to Survive Camping: ways to break a curse
Son, I don't think that's a costume.
Down here in the tent city of Mavris, we run the block!
Continue the story&gt;&gt; I woke up and my...
Are they just dreams or not?
My Granddad is a warm person.
Apartment Damage Report - 10/6/2019
(True Story) My Personal Experience Of Being Kidnapped
A creepy experience I had in my house then told my parents about it then got told something creepy
I’m trapped in Leicester Square tube station, and something’s hunting me.
It's 3am,and something's come a-knockin'
The Pillae (Final Excerpt from Harbinger AX-231, Habitable Planet 231.)
When the
That scary sleepover experience (p.s this is all true, actually happend)
I had to follow these GuideLines For Survival(part 1)
Do not revisit childhood memories, Part 2
If a woman ever calls to you from the water, listen to her but do not approach
He told me doing drugs would open my mind, he was right.
I left the house during quarantine and something followed me home (FINAL UPDATE)
A drama kween story - The beginnings !
A ruined night walk.
I can see almost everyone
My Friends and I Found Something Disturbing While Hiking in Utah
The Eden Syndrome: Part 4
Reoccurring Nightmare
Seven creepy two sentence story’s
The Moth
I think I visited hell
Ohio move
I used to live in an abusive household, here's how my life turned around for the better.
The Sandman took my right eye. Now, he’s back for the other one.
Self-help
Solving murders can help you with road directions
I Think My Wife (28F) Is Cheating On Me - What Do I Do?
An Insomniac's Advice on how NOT to Sleep
Radiation isn't the only thing you need to be wary of in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone..
The Arm in Grandma's Attic
My Parents Came To Visit: I Wish They Didn't
Psych
Voyager 1 came back with something strange on it (Part 1)
I Think My House Is Haunted
If your outside in the dark, never run
New neighbor.
Forest story
I am no hero
My Great Uncle
I lost my arm. Recently my phantom pains have been getting strange.
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part four)
I don’t know what this means?!?
Housesitting for my sister in her old ass house and her master bedroom light came on by itself...
And The Cat Came Back
I make love to a werewolf every night. It terrifies me, but I can't stop myself.
At first, we thought they were spiders.
I will never sleep without my beanie ever again...
The Red Door
Violet the Doll (Haunted Doll)
baby monitor for babysitter
The Mountains
The Glowing Tunnel
I Found A Strange Vehicle In The Middle Of The Woods
Strange Occurrences
Burn in hell
I'm a Piano Teacher. I'm Worried About One of My Students. (Part 4: The Finale)
I found my grandfathers confession.
There Is Nothing In The Walls
I thought the graveyard ritual was a myth, but it showed so much more than I was ready for
Something is very wrong with my bathtub drain
Never go backpacking alone in the Rocky Mountains
I Found A Cult In The Middle Of The Woods!?
My life started when I was 4-5 years old
My friend accidentally swallowed a piece of cursed costume jewelry
The girl with long black hair.
So I've Received Another Messed Up Message On My Phone
Brothers
im trying so hard to find this!!
The Last Day in the Life of Peter the Nobody
I lost 12 hours - third update
Abwesenheit
story (and rules) of the school kitchen (part 1)
I was told to come here.
My Tram entered a tunnel I’ve never seen before. Now I’m stuck and I’m beginning to loose my memories... (Part 1)
Am I Dreaming?
The House Behind My Backyard
If the lights flash red, HIDE (Part 1)
What I didnt see : The first experience
Swoll Skinwalker Retreat Part 1
I'm no longer taking the highway
Don't go to the light
Why I Always Make Sure To Read The Fortune Inside A Fortune Cookie
Has anyone ever tried The Campfire Ritual?
Substitute. (Part 1)
I've never been scared of the dark. Now the Gods need my help.
The Egg Game
The Corpus Arcade- Test Your Might
My friend is dead and i wish i didn't know why.
Something happened last Saturday and now it’s finally safe to talk about.
I grew up around ghosts in the Caribbean pt. 2
The Hideaway Place: Part II
The Old Oak Tree
stay safe
I am both 61 and 18 years old, and I have a story to tell.
A stranger came up to me in the supermarket and claimed to be my husband. Part Two Update.
Disney, the scariest place on earth
Paintings strange sleep help me, please.
Were they really suicides? (Part 3)
I have always been interested in folklore and the occult, but now I have attracted the attention of something truly evil.
I just inherited a haunted house. Today, I started asking questions about why I inherited a haunted house, which I really should have done from Day One.
Witch Hekeda
There He Is
Pup Play
My brother got kidnapped. Now he is talking to ghosts. (Part2)
They found a journal in an abandoned mental hospital, something that was going on in there wasn't right
All of the women in my family die at age 27. I finally found the cult responsible for all of their deaths.
Red Eyes
The Highway Where My Wife Was Killed
A weird creature showed up in my backyard, now people in my town are dying,
Whatsapp messages...
GTAFIVE.EXE
I am a senior Chinese military intelligence officer and I know the truth about the coronavirus outbreak. It is far worse than the media are telling you.
I need advice about my roommate (it’s an update my dudes):
The Unknowable Ones -- Part 1
tying up sorrow
Overnight camping: The forest is back
I found a portal in my closet. It couldn’t have lead to a more awful place.
I lived next to a internet lolcow.
What am i remembering (Part 1) Triggerwarning/NSFW
acid man
He always said they were watching
Something Is Wrong With the Doll House. Picture Included.
My Skinwalker Story
I work for SETI, and I received a transmission from something that knows me. -Repost-
Tormented.On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. Part 2
True Story, woke up almost in tears.
Shoot
My Best Friend has Bad Dreams, and Now I’m In Them : Part 1 The Sleepover
My Wife and I Made a Deal With Whatever Lives At the Bottom of Devil's Pond
hollow sleep
Carmen Winstead
I guess I don't care
I witnessed my son do something terrible on Halloween
Terminal 00
I WAS SCARRED FOR LIFE ON MY FIRST KISS!
I Have A Curse
Please Insert Coin
Seeing dead family members is bad. Hearing them is worse.
I work customer service for a video conferencing platform. These are the calls that keep me up at night.
dont drink the water part 2
Interactive Fiction: Manacle
The Art Of The Wendigo part 2
The people from a far away land
I'm a doctor working the night shift. Nobody else remembers my patient.
Who was the “short man” at EPCOT?
There's A Skinwalker in My Neighborhood
Something sp00ky
I think I’m dead and in hell.
Call/visit this school
The Happiest Place Stole My Little Brother (Part 3: FINAL)
PSA: Pareidolia is not a joke.
Don’t wish to turn your life around.
Attention Internet Users!! Never Click on Pop-up Adds!!
I just found out that my family has been keeping a terrible secret from me.
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told
The Study
Last night, I recorded a thunderstorm in my backyard. Something's wrong with the footage. (pt. 3, final).
All of the Stars are Dead
Summer Fling 2019
I'm an ex-military intelligence operator and I want to talk about the need for a watch...
Desperatly need of help: Creepy ASMR playlist with same scheme/patern artists added without consent to listening list on Spotify
Never go into the house built of words...
Everything you know about Coronavirus is false
Flashing Light Outside Window??
Arlo, Box, and Whispers pt 1
A Guest for Dinner
Sweet Tea
While out hunting I encountered a strange man
Wanna ride?
There's A Black Hole In My Ceiling That Grows A Little Bigger Each Day. Last Night Something Finally Came Out Of It.
The Doll (Part 1)
I'll never know what happened to Loretta Lee.
Meat 2: Crackies Revenge
A late night escape
Don't wash dishes at night
I am afraid myself, what am I?
I had a strange hike the other day
My Supervisor Has a Bobble Head Collection. It Is… Unsettling. (Part 1?)
Now I am cornered...
The grave yard shift part one (FIRST STORY)
Memes be Dreams, Dreams be memes. And I dreamed of memes that kept me woke
My maid tried to curse me
Permission to narrate your stories
&lt;&lt;Disappear&gt;&gt;
I'm a pilot and traveled to a different dimension
Turn of events
What if I told you...
never pick a pimple...
What Binge Watching Hell Is Like
My grandma died and burried without me knowing
Nosh Lore
Please Do Not Touch The Mirror
There's a new hidden show on Netflix where you choose your own adventure. I would NOT recommend it - FINAL PART
The Disappearance of Little Marcus - Part 1
Facebook recommend me my dead friend
The teacher TW ABUSE
Help. Creatures
My niece is the devil
I need to confide in and testify
Dear diary
I was visited by a shadow last night
Tape 17
I've been transferred to Saint William's Hospital for a nursing position but I'm not sure I'm cut out for it.
Shadowattack
I woke up without any memory in the Sonoran Desert. Now there's something chasing me.
If you find yourself at The Sixth Season holiday park turn around immediately.
Today is my birthday. It was nearly my last.
I'm Preparing to hunt down a Cult for the Safety of Earth's Men. (PART 2)
Please Sleep in My Car I'm stuck in my apartment and there are armed guards keeping us in, and strange creatures roaming the hallways also keeping us in, please help (Part 3) (Final)
I think my house might be haunted
Could I Come Home to Roost?
A Cold Hand
A Handy Guide to Monster Survival
She watches Her
I keep seeing a giant bird man flying above the baseball stadium...
Who is willing to Do a Follow for a follow on Instagram. Let’s see if this helps me gain more people :) . My username is @gironbethy :)
The Dumb Waiter
6 floors, I feel so alone
After last night im never going urban exploring again
"Spot, is that you?"
It was hard to notice anything over the heavy stench of your own rotting body.
I Warn Darkweb Targets
has anyone ever had a weird dreams
The Statue in the Mountains has a Hold on my Heart
Nightmare Creature(Part 1) Security Detail
W _ _ P
The Ring
Knucklebones
Watch out for people in parks with empty strollers
Victoria
Our real Origins...
My Best Friend Led Me Through Seven Ring of Hell part 1
My dead brother warned me about an earthquake
Don’t be enticed to listen to the crack in your door, just DONT.
What you need to know to survive your first night on the street
Angel Numbers?
My experiences with Gui Da Qiang (2/3)
The basement playground (part 1)
Mystery box (Needed)
I can't go on anymore
A night in the desert
a life in twilight sun
My Tiny Town Just Got Put On Lockdown: Searching for a Way Out. (Pt 1)
mum the mice are making noise again
My sister is a serial killer...
I need 800 views. This is life or death.
(Inhale. Exhale.) I repeat these only to remain alive.Imaginary Friend
I think my town's grocery store has been.... stealing people PT2
I found something strange in the woods by my house, and I need help.
I shouldn't be so good at surviving, but I am.
sodoku
When I was 8 I thought I met Santa. I was very wrong
Midnight Conversations with a Friendly Monster
He was never on time.
I befriended a strange boy at summer camp...I think something horrible happened to him.
The Birchwood Cafe
I’ve been driving up for what I think is 3 years and I have no destination
The love letters
MICKEY LEFT THE CHAT
Lockdown has brought back a local horror I never knew existed, now I regret coming to England.
My friend got infected by a parasite that could destroy the world as we know it.
I Found a "Message in a Bottle" From a Lost Arctic Expedition (Part Three)
Creepy Kratts
Paranormal Activities with me at night
Flight 1999 'Aero' Blackbox logs (Sleep Disorder Collection: Part 1)
Guys.....watch this
The incident at Auburn Middle School.
Send Help To Tarrant, Maine
I'm a prison librarian. Things are getting strange around here.
If a Tree Falls in the Forest...
Has anyone seen this?
Antrum
My Dead Girlfriend Ellen Is Pregnant. Does Anyone Know How Having An Undead Baby Works?
I'm not Crazy, but im not afraid to kill
I am Insane
I could see it in the snow. The death of a person
Thanks to one single pill, I never have to sleep again.
I don't think I'll ever watch porn again after visiting shadowtube.com
realidad alterna
I'm fed up with humans.
My Mother Went Missing While On Vacation (Final)
Mavis Beacon Teaches Witchcraft
Black Windows: We're Nowhere
My daughter's first words (Part 2)
I've been bullied my whole life but it stoped when i made friends with the new girl
Went camping at a very rural place and saw a really creepy 4 year old
I get paid to watch paintings at night and someone visited me
I work a ghostbuster like job, I just actually experienced the supernatural for the first time.
An animatronic tree told me what I shouldn't have known
You, me, and everything in Between
My Childhood Experiences with Ghosts (Story 1)
I played minecraft again. What happened broke my heart
The infinite ladder leading to hell
It was the perfect day for the beach.
At Night The Trees Scream
Words to a Librarian Part 5
If you can't feel anything right now that might be my fault
The Late Drive Home
Don't Look Away.
A Boy Without A Heart
A new golf course is being built, but something won't allow it
I met a Genie on the street corner who granted me one wish. This was it.
this thing has been following me around
Something is wrong about the bus that I'm on.My Diabolical Self | Part 6: Fifty Thousand
I wish I didn't look outside my window at 3:00 am in the morning
Leather Lodge
Menstrual Pangs
Jury Duty
The Man Who Lived in the Cracks of My Walls
I fought the Goat and the Goat won.
Unseen
Don’t touch it. Don’t watch it. Don’t give it to anyone.
Relaxing Music to Rest the Mind, Relax and Sleep - 2020 - Deep Relaxation
Something terrifying visits my neighbourhood
Who Is This? (A Short Story)
The shop-(pt 1) first hunt and first solo hunt
My Grandmother wrote Children's Horror Books. She wrote one about who I would become
I think I'll take my nightmares seriously from now on. (pt1)
We angels who fall
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
Eight Screams - please advise
somebody inside my bedroom
I'm a driver for the Dark Convoy. Job #4 was a total fucking trip.
My Roommate is a Haunted Doll: QUARANTINE EDITION
All I wanted was to watch an old Blockbuster DVD with my husband.
The Night Time Invisible Demon Cat
Wastewater Department
I needed a new roommate in a hurry, so I posted about it on Facebook. (Part 1)
The snow crunching
Pendulum dowsing
I heard a voice calling from inside the mountain.
I work at SETI, we received a disturbing message: Part two
Orchestrated Irony
My dad vanished when I was nine. He's just returned -- eight years later. And he's changed. A lot. (Part 2)
Last Halloween I went to a party. It's been one year since, but I still wake up shivering every night.
Deep water is scary.
Why won’t it leave?
The True Story of Sirenhead
Fucked up truth or dare
My great grandmother died and friends and family have seen things.
Correction from a good child.
I don’t know what’s wrong with me...
Sundowners
AITA for leaving my GF in my motel room?
Cannibalism is a Humanism
My dead friend is haunting me
The Book of Edward
I kill people legally
My Brother's Best Friend Michael
I’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to make sure they get convicted.
I have 10 hours to live but I’m thrilled - Part 1
Four Legged Freak, or, That One Small Town in America Where The People Are Dying to Leave II
terror in familyI'm alone. I know you're out there. Where are you?
Do you feel Them?
I made a deal with a witch that I wish I could take back.
Smile and Nod
Need help finding the name of a story
Benches and Death: My hometown.
Rules for surviving the village forest '' Missing Place '' Part I
When I look in the mirror, I don't see myself anymore.
Divine Intervention (Part 3)
Thought this might fit here
I’m taking ECON 360 this semester - the syllabus has a strange set of rules (Part One)
A Ghost Is Impersonating My Brother
Cerber: A Mundane Chronicle
How to Survive Camping: Rule #2 - in which I ruin food for you
until
The Crawling Boy
Observe (Part 8)
Have you ever witnessed something mysterious? Share your story!
I foolishly believed a bullshit projection of life expectancy, and it cost my friend their life.
It's been twenty-five hours since the last time I blinked
I shouldn't of turned the lights off. Now I'm trapped.
Isabel's Revenge: Part 1 Ten years before my sister Isabel had committed suicide at our paternal home and now I think she is back and wants Revenge.
The Unimpressive Story of How My Mother Became a Hole in the Ground
One Hell Of A Drug...(Draft)
The Shadow Came When I Was Young: Part 2
Anyone had a dream that was so distirbing/intense that you still remember all the details in your dream?
I Can Successfully Treat Any Unsound Mind Within Less Than an Hour, but My Services Come at a Price.
It's just not fair.
I made a pact with Lucifer to be my dad
My Perfect Jamie, Remastered.
Human too.
Am I being paranoid?
My missing little sister is back, but only my little girl can see her....
A Dangerous Game
Dentures
There's a girl haunting my dreams...
There was an old lady apparition in my parents bedroom
I bought an old mansion and the previous owner left me a book with rules (PT2)
I left the house during quarantine and something followed me home (Part 2)
I took a job as Doctor Wong’s assistant and he had 6 weird rules
A French thread on Twitter ! The Haunted Bakery
This is not a suicide note!
God's Kugelblitz, why the stars disappeared.
Have you seen the Cat People?
Hidden Subway
Born of Sin and Hatred
Weird life looping experience
How to Raise a Bloodbather - Three Simple Parenting Tips to Help You Raise Your Supernatural Child!
I worked for a hotel as a security guard, the place had unsettling rules... Final part
I Had Entered Snowman’s Land
I'm panicking and I really hope it won't happen again..
I'm the captain of an oil rig in the North Sea. We found something.
My Android phone doesn’t connect to wifi
There’s a monster in my family.
Miss Me ?
The man in my attic
My Schizophrenia Woman Wasn't Just A Hallucination
The Book of Autonomancy: Etobicoke Guardian (Part 12)
I never expected to get a match on Tinder
I used to archive old mental asylum records, and I’m finally ready to talk about what I saw. (series)
I am definitely not scared, no one needs to help me, I promise
My second story
Ikizukuri - One
I Own a Tape That Changes Each Time I Watch It (2)
What I see in my nightmares
Four nights ago, my friends and I did a ritual.
HOOVER POINT
6 feet under. ( my first story i’m posting and young so please go easy)
On the way back from vacation, my dad stopped at a gas station, and went inside for some snacks. What came back was not my dad.(PART 1)
It fried that way
Bulbs
Killing Mrs Baker is the best decision I've ever made
I begged the doctors to listen to me, but they kept brushing me off.
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 10
My sister was dying. I told myself I'd do anything to save her.
Can I Kill You Please?
"Strange Dreams"
Daddy Didn't Tell Me Everything About the Barn Behind Our House
I'm a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I'm running out of time.
The flashes, so many sounds, so many screams. The flashes.
Dungeons and Dragons is more realistic than I thought.
A Love Like No Other
New YouTube Horror Narrator
There is an entity called The Adeep. Whatever you do, don't try to summon it.
For the past 19 years on the same date I've received a deeply unsettling envelope, but a tumour rarely comes alone.
NoReturn98.exe
The Long Awaited Strike
The Man in the Shadows
Devolve o canal do zangado seus cornos
I left my job on hunting down monsters years ago and I may have to start again.
You’re Famous, Now What?
There's something strange in the fog
My band mate saw a ghost on tour.
I’m scared of spending eternity alone
Hi I'm someone who has been thinking about an entire horror short series and I wrote some down a while ago
Is there Subliminal Man woman messages in movies? All women secretly want patriarchy?
GUYS, HELP!!!
Come to level fun =)
Once Upon A Time
The Bell
Maria Nichols (1)
My Mother Went Missing While On Vacation (Final Part)
I’m worried for my best friends life, for the second time...
I Stayed With My Aunt I'd Never Met Before, And Now I Know What She Was Trying To Do To Me
I found a CD in an old book from a popular radio host
Black Holes Aren't What We Think (Part 6)
What’s wrong with my mom
I THINK MY DEAD FAMILY IS TRYING TO TELL ME SOMETHING
Negative Self-Talk During Sleep
Hack &amp; Crash
My bff
I am a Powerful Wizard Who Brews Magic Potions
Life on the Borderline: A Malignant Narcissist
Dreams about death
Shhh
Hey guys!
The silhouette I met.
I think my grandmother sold my soul to the devil.
I was trapped in an infinite space for five years
A Vengeful Spirit Cursed my Mother’s Place
Rainfall
Pieces of me
Monsters of Light
What's beyond the treeline at the bus yard?
Looking to make a short creepy story: Suggestions?
Whenever I put water in my kettle and turn it on and it starts squealing like a demon oh god
The authorities are hiding a new disease from us, people are turning. {Pt 1}
I received a call from my mother last Wednesday. My mother has been dead for 3 years. Please help me.
I'm in direct need of help, so i decided to reach out.
I am a pet store security guard and I have a weird set of rules to follow (Part 2)
Urban exploration (Part 1)
My parents joined a cult.
Scariest phone call I’ve ever had
When I found her, she was waving at her reflection. It wasn’t waving back.
Frame - Honeysuckle
LISTEN, ASSHOLES. I've got a bone to pick with EACH and EVERY one of you.
I got locked in school - part 2
Lady who tries to drown me
Has anyone seen the Red Cloaks in Florida?
We cant leave our tent because of a baboon...I think
e
Ornaments
I’ve been walking for 3 days
The Last Time I went Diving Something Took My Friends
The devil's popcorn is just crispy flesh. I couldn't stop eating despite the consequences.
I’ve lived here for 70+ years and I’ve seen ALOT
What love does (2)
not good
Don’t answer your ears when they ring
I Hate the Thin Walls in My Apartment
It Was a Dark and Stormy Night...
Last time I told you how I died. Now you’ll learn about what happened when I met the primordials
Withered Roses
The Beauty of Jazz
I work at a train station that services unusual destinations. For the first time, I boarded one of the trains.
Don’t lose your soul in the bottom of a bottle.
The Hell App
The case I was on had 718 Disappearances linked to it.
The office next to me has always been empty
A Peculiar Understanding of the Undead
We're not supposed to watch the local broadcast channel.  Final
Thoughts/Venting/Unpopular Opinions/
The old man in my yard
Are the missing people in National Parks really missing?
My Mom Taught Me a Magic Word to Make the Monsters Go Away and It Works TOO Well
All That We See or Seem
Don't Hold Play With Cursed Things.
I have to share my salary with my dream creations
Individual #03 - The watcher
I don't think this is my daughter
Like The Imaginary Twin I Am
Closets
We Let Them Out (Part 1)
Nickerware JuncTION
Cassidy is gone
A Rainy Night
I work for my therapist
The Listener
Infinite Cum
Liquid addiction
The Witch
I was taken into a forest and shown something very disturbing. It changed my life forever.
My true story that I have never told
I saw something unnatural in the woods. Im going to investigate.Show some love
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty. (part five)
The God Chapters - Experiments of a deity
My experience with shadow people I thinkMy friend’s town is really religious, but I don’t know what they’re worshipping because it sure isn’t God (Part 2)
The Balloon People
I know what really happened at Channel 42, and I know how to stop it (FINALE)
Present
Ignore the night birds
My cousin is now asleep, please call 911 immediately
Death is nearby, stalking me, and I'm trying to avoid it
There Was A Strange Hole In My New Apartment
What Was Left Behind
The Smell Of Tires
tapping
They Escaped
The Rig (pt 1)
I touched a symbol engraved on the wall of a haunted church
Something followed me home from the woods... And it doesn't seem friendly.
Within The Caves (Part 1-6)
So I'm a Corrections Officer. i have seen the real monsters in this world. buckle up buttercup cause this aint for the weak of heart or those that are queasy easy. this sure aint safe for work.
I've Been In Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks Final
I Found a Hidden VHS Tape
Oh little Blakey
Our bi-annual Bio-Terror Safety Proficiency came last Monday..
Something Stabbed the Back of My Neck
I've had the same dream for the last 3 months. Now I need your advice to decide what to do about it.
If I Gave You My Heart
A Night In Forest Park
Open statement
Leaked work log found on the web
The Girl I Think Is Death...
I babysat Satan's kid for a night; part 2
Games like red door yellow door
There is a monster that lurks at the bottom of my local pool...
i got no sleep whilst making this
Prometheus' Torture
Mother Nature has had Enough
Marcus
I run a museum of cursed objects. I figured out what's going on with Courtney.
First day of hell. - The Incident (Part 1)
It Lived Inside My Arm
I am a vigilante who uses a strange smartphone app to find criminals - Part 4
Don’t Play Games With the Demons
Things Go Wrong
Thank you for the great stories
Skyrim.exe
*Beep* *Beep* *Beep*
Do not read this post. It is not for the faint of heart.
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am, now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 3
I crashed in the Ozarks, I wasn't alone in the forest | Part 1.
You are missing the point
Why did you turn on the lights?
Whats behind my painting
I wet the bed for the first time ever, and it may have saved my life...
The Invisible Man
The darkness with blue eyes and silver teeth.
I’m the first Demon Hunter (pt 1)
Meeting My Girlfriend's Parents
Someone stole my body, and who know what they’ll do.
My girlfriend is suicidal. (Self harm)
The Self I Left Behind
My name is Olivia, please remember me after I die.
Worst Nightmare of My Life
Voices? I'm not schizophrenic.
The Woman In The Basement
I started working at a retirement home, and I've been given a list of strange rules to follow (Part 2)
My repeating encounter
I'm standing watch over a man's dead daughter - the final night
Hiking in Asian countries
The Man In My Window Is Back.
Little kid standing outside in the middle of the street. 22:30.
My blood sings
I unfold it. And scream.
MURDER AT THE FREAK SHOW
1 January 2020
FREE $75 Amazon Gift Card Giveaway! Gift for every new player!
My sister was keeping me awake. It wasnt my sister
😴 24/7 Rain sounds for sleeping, Meditation ,Sleep Music,Thunderstorms, Meditation Music
In 2013 I Tried Having Sex With a Possessed Couch (Finale)
Coyote’s aren’t what you think...
My new flat has rules. Feel like this won’t be a pleasant experience
I ate a plate of time.
Scariest night of my life
I spent a night inside Ted Bundy’s Murder Cellar. I will regret it for the rest of my life.
I killed the voice inside my head. Entry 1.
Deathly Seas in Dead Space
Who's Alice?
I Live in an Uncharted Country (Part 3)
Armageddon.
Real life counterpart to the SCP Foundation
The Voices In My Head Keep Trying To Escape
High Stakes d&amp;d
Chase the Void
I will not sleep 72 hours
I keep hearing things outside at night.
LOOK INTO ITS MOUTHS AND SEE ITS HANDS
There's something wrong with my boyfriend
The Day the World Came to an End. Part 1
The reason why I don't sleep on April 4th anymore. (part 1)
Jackson Investigations: First Contact
I died today and I can show you what dying is really like (true story) and I need your help ?
My ex-girlfriend invited me to her family’s church once... it wasn’t a church
His Name Is Randy
Why I don't open my curtains anymore...
Heart and organ flavor
Cybermancy - Patient File 100115010
Hello! I just joined this community.
Here's a rose for my rose...
Newspaper in Augusta Georgia published this vile article about Ahmaud Arbery in their local paper
Seattle is a strange town...
Why did my parents murder me? Was it because the door full of secrets awaited me?
I'm a wendigo, but not a normal one. Answer post
Don't Fall Asleep in a Russian Subway Station.
I'm taking a fucking Uber next time
It All Started With A Noise (Update pt. 2)
The Natikan
Karma's Not REALLY a Bitch...she is SO much more.
The Time me and my Sister were Chased by a man in the woods Behind our Neighborhood
Day 96 on Earth 328
The Sun is Smiling
The third ncov mutation
The Mist. (A story about the future of covid-19)
The Greenwood Hotel-Return to the Hotel with the Thirteenth Floor
Encounter With Tall White Figure In Forest At Night B.C Canada
COVID-19 is a lot worse than we were told
I'm a nightshift nurse. There was something horribly wrong with the woman who came in tonight.
Writer Looking For A Collaboration
The cabin up in Appalachia
The Day I Met Death
I discovered a dark secret in my parents' basement. Now I'm on the run.
The Bastard Circus
I work the midnight shift at this 7/11, and my customers are an interesting batch.
College is Scary
I whished...
The man in the mirror.
i travel through the multiverse, and ive seen everything.
I met me today.
Hey it's Madison
Tormented - My encounter with science and the supernatural.
A storms warning.
Don't mess around with Ouija Boards, kids.
The Lady of My Dreams
WHO REMEMBERS THIS GIRL?!?!?
All-girls horror
A Trip Through Mandalay
My name is William Blithe, and I've got a job offer.
You never really know who you meet on Omegle
Riding My Bike. At Night. In the City. Part 1 of 4
My sugar daddy asks me for weird favors
The love of my life
My daughter’s baby shark toy is glitching.
Someone scurrying in my house.
NOISES FROM THE BASEMENT
King of the Hill
The insane escape from a DUI roadblock while high with an active warrant... The exact moment that turned my life around.
Try to die with open eyes
The Lights. (Remade since it was too short therefore it was removed)
This experience is the reason why I don't sleep in the dark.
I saw my dad's ghost when I was 9The country can be a dangerous place, my train hopping story
Apartment 407
Creepy Uber
Endless Staircase
No sleep writting guide
I am the night guard at my local subway station. These rules are even worse than they seem (Part 2)
I keep on spawning in police shootings, and I need to figure out my purpose.
I’m a cop and there’s a pack of donkeys going around slaughtering people. It’s up to me and my own donkey to stop them.
Trailer 2021
Never liked the color red.
My Town has a Strange Urban Legend and No One Knows Why
My Kid Summoned a Demon, Now We’re Hiding Out in the Wilderness.
Something is happening in small town and I need to find out what before more people get hurt Part 2
Has anyone has such a traumatic experience, they have nightmares about it 20 years later?
My true paranormal experiences
Was someone in my house
Iddimu from Awoken
Companion
My paranoid roommate
Anita Lee's Diary (3)
I Found an Old Medical Journal; It’s Handwritten and Terrifying- “Yes They Will!” (Part II)
My friend Mark tried to kill himself because of something called "The Rusted Tower"
Look closely. Can you see it?
I should have gone to sleep
something strange is happening.
Why the hatchet?
Our local officer isn't human
Strange lights inside my apartment
The cursed work (warning super scarey)
20 days of teeth
He’s gone, and it’s time to move on
Mountain Loo pt.1
Small Town Secrets ( part 2 )
I was a Black Suit, and I'm here to tell you what I know.
The Girl in the Quad
Garfield is Real, and he's Hungry
There was a man in my closet
The little kid that lives in my house...
My last time playing online video games
The girl in the Television - Part One.
.daed si lennahc iiM
I Think I Might Be A Serial Killer
Our Homeland Or Death
They found her body at midnight
Im a...different...kind of police officer. I’ve got some stories to tell. Part Three
My mother spent her life crying wolf, and it killed her horribly (Part 1)
A story narrating the life of the misfortuned. Wrote eons ago in 10th grade English as a joke, got a 94%
Supernatural girl comes to a costal village and kidnaps children.
The Wave. PART ONE
Buddy, My Dog.
The Cancellation
The Red Doors
The Kids Database
I'm never hiking in the woods again
A Long and Dangerous way Home (part 2)
I'm recovering from a car crash, and some things just don't make sense.
My brain surgery went horribly wrong and now I'm trapped inside
I’ve died and been to hell and it’s nothing like you think.(part 1)
Abyssal Gigantism
Sirens went off in my neighborhood at 2am. Now my neighbors and family are acting strange. PART 4
My mom is friends with a man who attempted to kidnap me
I Volunteer At An Animal Shelter
This is gonna get taken down
If you believe in the simulation theory, the elevator game makes sense - and there’s nothing supernatural about it
The Noise in the Back of the Room
The Choice Experiment. Shared pain can exponentially increase suffering.
Nested Birds and Well Fed Dogs
I work in a haunted Gamestop, for the love of god keep this place open
Homage
The Star and The Men In Red
Hellscape delirium (part 1)
It’s to late for me
I made the monster in my closet peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. He doesn't like Waffles and he glows in the dark sometimes (Part 2)
Nine years ago I found a hidden trapdoor in our basement. Today I opened it. (Part 1)
I can’t attain sleep paralysis
I am
Life and death
There's something terrible in the mountains of Japan
23 Houses Away
I was put on a homicide case and it stretched out into the true demons on earth
All I wanted was to learn how to embalm, but my mentor can’t help me anymore
A clown tried to kill me. (Krampz The Clown)
My Neighbor is a Botanist, and He Brought Back Something Special
I've lost 40 years of my life- please HELP!
Words of power, a quick overview
What are you doing here?
I found a human tooth in my pocket. I have no idea how it got there. Part Two of Two.
The trail to answers
My great-aunt left me a set of rules and warnings, people I don’t know keep coming to my house. They want me to let them in.
Stories from the thrift store (part 2)
My Brother Won’t Shut Up When He Plays Video Games
A Cry for help
Three Knocks.
So I'm looking for a story.
The faces
Why I Quit Working As Food Delivery Driver
I have been banned from calling 911. I don't know what to do.
Mr.Blackberry
Minecraft.exe
I had a near-death experience when I was fifteen. I know the truth about the afterlife. It's more terrifying than you can imagine. PART ONE
Something sinister is hiding into the woods
Creepy neighbors
Should I stop selling bodies from my mortuary?
I'm very hungry
I've cut off more hands than the Marvel Cinematic Universe - 1 of 2
Child Prediction
I’m AWOL (US Air Force). Telling this story is signing my own death warrant- but it needs to be told.
Close Approach to Something Eerie On Cresson Mountain, in Pennsylvania
Annoying mom wanted me to give one of my dogs to her daughter
The Realms of Choice and Chance
Something is cutting my hair (Part 1)
The 3:15 (Pt 1)
YOU CAN NEVER GIVE IN TO TERERISUM OR TEREISTIC THREATS
The dark side of meditation
GRAVE ROBBERS
The woman in the front yard.
The Water Hates Me
MatPat.
The Ceremony
Infected, Before The Apocalypse.
I lead and expedition to a hidden island in the Black Sea, i wish i didn't.
I think I saw the face of Infinity. Now I'm in a concrete box.
Boxing made me good at maths, English and science
How a can of redbull destroyed my life
A man opens his eyes in the middle of his autopsy while the coroner is holding his heart.
AsleepYet
I’m remembering things differently than a few days ago (part 3)
God-damn Ambrose Von Weber, Re-animator
I found a camera
I found a thing under my bed
Abigail the Stalker (Part 2)
I was on a nosleep reddit
Eating book
She Won't Leave me
I started working with Eli the time traveler. He is way is over his head.
I lost my mum
Dear diary, I’m trapped and I’m naked....
A Native American Spirit? A skin walker? Witchcraft? What was it?!
Silverback, the Wolf King
Message Request
I saw a dead kid today
I tried to be a creepypasta narrator.
Room 222.
THE CANDIDATE
I'm not sure, but I think it has found me (Long)
a man was following me (story)
A Private Number (part five)
I Buried My Son, Again
They Were Always Behind Me
Mnemosyne
If a piece of raw meat, perfectly preserved from spoiling, was left out, would it eventually be cooked from being in room temperature?
The Screaming Woman
A man and 5 orphans
I Found Waldo, Now He's Looking For Me
Ice Cream
There Was A Noise Coming From The Back Of The Hearse
I Work at the Brimstone Tavern, Shapeshifters Are the Most Dangerous Cryptids
I went to a sales meeting and accidentally ended up at a funeral
Strange Cargo
Snowed In
I think my life borderlines with The Void.
Fowler Play
Why I dont play MINECRAFT anymore
Hi Reddit! I leave you a riddle of those that the community likes
I found a door.
The Lights Next Door
She Wasn’t Optimistic
Nightmares.exe
My town has a dark secret and I think it’s time for people to know about it.
My son was sent by an angel.
My phone is full of pictures I didn't take
"The Black Murderer"
Anthony
A stranger walked into my house, and I think they’re in trouble
The Afterparty
My grandparents are really bad people (part 2) UPDATE
Timothy find the Devil
DISPLAY COMING SOON
There's a man at the door.
If I quit my job, I might be next. (Part 2)
I'm not usually one for stories, but I feel I should share this
we need to stope pretending
I've got a long list of Ex-Lovers, they'll tell you I'm insane.
I woke up in abandoned hotel, and I don’t think I’m alone.
Carol's Christmas Cookies
We live in a simulation... and it's glitching.
The chimeric logs; chapter 1
Blood Never dries, Death Never Waits
My friend Noah
Powderly
My name is Ashton Rivers &amp; today, I met a God. It Gets Weirder: Final Update (Chapter 11)
Water.
I bought a second-hand chair and it transported me to another world
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 2)
The Thing In The Old House
When Political Vandalism Goes Horribly Wrong
I Wish The Story Just Stayed As The Haunted Concrete Truck
Do you ask all the right questions before going on a trip? Always?
Think about it
I'm sorting out my collection of cursed antiques, Part I - The Kodak
Warn ME
Siren Head: Vietnam
Billy
Rolling Green Hills (Part1)
If you vape and see a juice called “Garra ardiente”, in a vape store, DO NOT vape it, or even buy it. There’s almost no doubt it did something to Quinn. (Part 2)
I work as a security guard at a mall that serves the paranormal (Part 2)
I hate working as a firefighter and I think I'm planning on quitting
Julia Grey Has To Die. This Is How It Ends.
Never Play the Shadow Game
Ramblings of a man in love. She can never know.
Free 30 day audiobook trial subscription
The Day of The Market Fair (or Why you should always leave flowers for your diseased loved ones)
Pizza Delivery
100 Candles Paranormal Game
dd
The Man That Found God
I worked as a babysitter,But I will never again(part 1)
They said I had a defective heart
I can't GET OUT of Portugal!
People are dying in my hometown, but they're all the same person.
A YOUNG ADULT CALLED PETER
My imaginary friends crashed my 17th birthday party. I shouldn’t have wished for them to come back.
Recollection of Death
Farming can help you fight diseases. It cured my dead grandma Pt2
It Lives in the Midwestern Wildeness
The Black Eyed Child
The Retriever - (Trigger Warning!)
There is someone living in my closet
The November centipedes were nasty, but now we have scorpions and the granddaddy longlegs are organizing.
My first kiss
I Work For The Real SCP-Foundation, And We Received Something Disturbing Last Week.
12 Hours (A Stragview Story)
Someone crawled into my dorm room at night
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six F History Section
The Factory
Is the Devil under my bed?
I talked the last two off of a ledge and a bridge, and I’m pretty sure this third one is going to jump.
I have found the journal of a priest in the 1820's. Part 2
Disneyland’s Corona Chronicles: Mainstreet USA
In the Open Doorway (part 3)
Update- I went to talk to the guy who sold me the vase. I found him dead.
Hiding in plain sight
Waiter in the Woods: Recording #1
Coffee shop on 5th street
physical or mental stress can couse ringing in the ear
Birthday Boy
True scary ghost/demon stories told in the rain (delete if not aloud)
The Painting At The End Of The Hallway
My Encounter With North America’s Last Uncontacted Tribe
Schrodinger's Coffee
All Ten Fingers
The Mira Loma Monster
My Grandfather saw something in Vietnam... (Part One)
Weird Things Happen in my Town and I Don't Know Why
The voice in my head claims it’s real. And I believe it.
Witchcraft. (Part Three)
The Night My Father Disappeared
My Boyfriend's Dad Raped Me
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
If there be a lump in yer throat, swallow mortal, swallow.
I Was Hired to Find a Girl Named Holly
The Six and the Seen
I'm stuck in an elevator (Part 2)
Lenningvard Academy Creepypasta
I HELPED MY FRIEND KILL HERSELF
When we found the creature, we thought it was an angel. We were just kids, ignorant of life's horrors. But now that twisted thing is free, and there's nothing we can do to stop it. Being Stevie Ray
A customer is creeping me out. I'm a door-to-door knife salesman.
Highway 42.0005 is no longer protected, and I can only tell you to pray if you get stuck on it
Old lady next door.
Artificial Light
A Conversation with a Corvid
Leave your ringer on. It could save your life.
Mindbender: Part 1
Waiting and Waiting and Waiting... Until
For my YT
Smoke over the Bend.
Someone stole my watch
There's a ghost in my apartment. I should have read the fine print on my lease..
Something Lost To Sea-Foam And Decay
"There are giant spiders on my bed"
The White Elk Society
Some friends and I broke into an abandoned B&amp;B one night for fun, now one of them is in a coma.
Shortcut
Clarissa
Don't Listen To The Screams
I became a police psychic to get out of an underage drinking charge: The Pink Dog
I get stuck in a school with a demon
Lamb of Death
Five More MinutesCoss Creek
My daughter is missing. I think my neighbor might be responsible. I trust him completely, but my wife doesn't.
THERES SOMETHING IN THE LIBRARY I WORK AT. BUT NOBODY BELIEVES ME.
A Ghost Hunt
IOU
I just turned 21 a few months ago, and I'm going to die by the end of the year.
I think I’m a murderer..
I watched an interesting guy walk into my local "Dollar General" with an axe
What the hell pricked me? Part 1
Oh whistle, and I will come to you.
I wanted to disappear, now I'm sorry that I ever did.Unknown Island Haunted Attraction: Where Reality is Meaningless - Part 2
At a House Party With No Body
My antinatalist friend is somehow removing himself from reality
This dog won't leave me alone....... I need help
Polish MK Ultra
Where did everyone go?
Everyone is gone?
Savages attack innocent travelers on a path near my home.
The Queen of Bisteneau
This Succubus is trying to ruin me, help please.
An Anthology of Final Moments
Can someone pleaseee link me to the six part story where number 4 I believe is called “Maps”? I started reading the other day after getting stuck in a reddit black hole and now I can’t find it! Help me!! I need to know how it ends!!
Love r/nosleep then you will love this youtube channel
I'm back from the dead for a little while. Yes, literally.
Some ghost storied I experienced in the Philippines
I just wanted to go on a vacation.
The Princeton Oil Leak
There was a small man in my attic
Shop Analog
LEVIATHAN by John Lee Schneider
Watchtower four
TRU LUV
A new horror subreddit for the slightly more macabre and less realistic horror fiction r/horrorforall
I’m a prison guard and something has been killing skinning the prisoners alive
Teleportation For Idiots
They won't let me sleep.
why i tried to fight a mirror when i was nine
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do if first.
The Well
I Bought A Game Called YOUR CHOICE There Is Something Wrong With My Copy...
Transcript from Lawson County Deputy ██████'s Body Camera Footage
After sixteen years living here, I had never before heard this.
Lucy's Scarecrow
The Spike Man in my apartmentI Shouldn’t be alive
I'm an ex-con and after nearly a year of unemployment I finally landed a job on the graveyard shift at a long term care facility working as an orderly. I was assigned to clean bed pans on the "veg(etative) wing" and this is what happened my first night....
I find out why he hates humans but I wish I didn't
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – Welcome to Years 3142, 5793 and 12375 (part 8)
1s`q
There is no escape from this cult. Death is not even an escape.
The Black Site
Me and my friends summoned a monster that's supposed to eat you.
Don't close your closet (true story)
the dolls
The Marlboro Man (part one)
I died over a year ago. I just woke up (part 3)
P.O.E.
The Story at the Bottom of the World, Piece 1
Indecent report 3301, Subject 21, Missing.
I think we accidentally built a time machine.... And it might have been the biggest mistake of our lives.
A Trip On The Train
Red Evening (Part 1)
The Sphere
French door gap
Wii, What?
Barbie and Ken, a story of devotion ch3
The Japanese Dolls
The Nowhere Company
I moved into a new apartment and I think my neighbor is a serial killer. Help. (part 2)
The Door in the Wall - Second Post
My daughter loves elf on the shelf, but I have other feelings about it.(contains crusing)
My sleepover. My room was never like this. (Part 1)
It Waits Behind Me
The Weekend Before Halloween Is The Worst
I'm in the mafia but now...I'm on a hit list
The Clifton Home
I See A Boy Whenever Somebody Dies
WE'RE TRAPPED
My senile mother wrote me a poem on her deathbed. I think it was a prophecy for the extinction of Man.
We played hide and go seek but something joined the game with us
I’m Trapped in Another Reality and Can’t Escape, PLEASE help
The brightest light of the Dark. (Part 1)
I shouldn’t have accepted the dare.
Let's all go to the Carnival.
The coven of the eternal child.
Race
I stole a used IPhone from a garage sale. I wish I didn't.
The Picnic Table
My dog dreams about my death.
I agreed to have sex for money. Weird things have been happening ever since.
I approached my gang stalkers, I wish I hadn't
The Diamond Prospectors Part 4
Never go down the alleys at night
Kromofor Nedir ?
Arose Such a Clatter (Part 1)
My first short horror story, "A patient." Enjoy! :)
New to this sub
I joined a group of dangerous people, part 2
Man at Sea
I don’t even know what to do anymore she is comes and never leaves me please help the police can’t do anything anymore
I recently moved next to a big park in the city.
something is underneath the floor boards
I am Truthless, but the truth couldn’t be further than that
Unexplained Campground Log Entries #1
My tiny town just got put on lock down - part eight
My new dog hates me
A dark figure
New Paranormal Podcast
Why and How 4CHAN of all things will the last beacon of hope (PT 1)
The Hammock
Fate's Tale (Older short story of mine, circa 2015)
GRAVE ROBBERS Parts 1 &amp; 2
The Lady of My Dreams
I Love Apple Pies
Our wishes were granted, but we missed the warning in the fine print.
The white night- the black girl
The Nameless
I woke up in the middle of the woods next to a dead body. Part 1
"Don't worry, it'll grow back."
They told me she's not real
Eyes On Me
My grandmother was a professional singer. We uncovered some of her origin story.
I Keep Hearing The Voices Of Demons... Except... They Were An Evil Force That I Had Created...
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART VI
He was just playing.
Carnivals Were Different In 1934
The Case Of The Haunted Room
There's something odd about my voice
My uncle almost KILLED my aunt...
What lurks beneath.
They said it’s all in my head.
What do you guys think of this. just seen it pop up on news feed
Our House Has No Mirrors, Now I Know Why.
Tunnel Vision
BURMUDA FILES: LOG 1
You wake up.
my girlfriend's uncle died and his last wish was for me to pass this letter to her
My brother was a killer by age 14, but things are getting worse.
I think my wife is a siren or something.....
Roachtown, Illinois
Arachnoerotica
I Keep Finding Human Teeth in my Apartment, I Found Out Who's Leaving Them
Scary Facts PT. 2
I saw Mother Nature: she's real.
When I was 10 I got attacked by 2 spirits
I never should have taken this job offer in Berlin. (Part 1)
There's A New Drug In Town. Part 4
I’m A Member of A Secret Cult. I Think You Have Heard of Us
Pointers
THE monster (Part1)
The mechanical beast
When I was a kid, I would hear voices calling my name.
Something is terrorizing me and my dog
I thought he was the one - Part 4
I just got a new apartment. My roommate is a little strange, though.
Jarret’s Dirge
30 Minutes Relaxing Sleep Music
The family curse ends with me
There's this boy in the woods who is always talking to this tree.. (Part 2, The Dream)
The Walkie Talkie Game.
The opposite place
Something is really wrong with Yosemite National Park.
I'm afraid to leave the ladies room.
Bus Stop
He took my friend during her birthday surprise
I woke up in a strange room with no memories. Something isn't right. (Part 1)
The Monsters In Your Head
So I found drugs in my backpack and I think the end times are coming
Im Never Going Back To Las Vegas
Cramped
You wanted him to kiss you- trigger warning
Something is wrong with my child. Please help!
Rabbits
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here....
Why I quit my job at the Pumpkin Patch.
I got a job at a stockyard, and my first drive down was.. interesting. (pt 1)
Whoops
When he arrives, guided by the rain.
Death and Taxes (part one)
A sacrifice for freedom.
A War Story
Has anyone heard of a company called Amped Rides?
Mystical Trash
It didn't feel out of the ordinary at first
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty. (part three)
My experience with magic mushrooms
Her name was Nox.
Obi wan Kenobi
Something latched on to me.
The Blood In The Carpet
Don't Ever Buy From Wish.
Golem of the Woods
I loved her but she didn’t love me back
Don’t Trip. (My first piece)
My Brother is Obsessed with Music
I got a strange package this morning. I regret seeing the content.
Almost Kidnaped
I was resting
Someone’s watching me... not sure if it’s human or ghost.
They Don't Call it the Slaugher Pen Trail for Nothing . . .
The Tunnel
She’s Watching Me
I work as A Prison Guard and I don’t think this is a regular prison (Part 1)
I asked my girlfriend to lose weight
Dark already, I am not sure what to expect...
It all started with a noise
The Wall Knock Ghost part one
The National Parks Aren't Just There to Preserve Nature - Mammoth Caves
Never shoot a Skinwalker
The monster from hell?
I should be dead already.
Written by my friend u/Fotis_hand (if you want a part 2 say so)
Repercussions of Freezing Time
Yesterday I finally found it. I wish I hadn’t.
I Live In A Town That Doesn't Exist: Sunny Friends (Part 2)
FIRE
Down
My in counter with a demon
School in the voidMy new apartment is haunted
Switching.
I’m so fed up with being picked last.AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!
Kill or Be Killed -  - The Website
I'm a warehouse worker who wishes he had any other job
I Found A Journal From The Cold War.
Reapers
Twist, steal, stab.
I believe the weeklong shutdown was just a cover-up, hear me out (Part 1)
The British soldier that haunted me
I don't think they're my family
Can you hear someone being quiet?
I woke up in the woods
My family has a tortoise that produces a tarot card for every member born. I think his latest card just predicted the end of the world.
My grandparent's cat
Why Saigon fell
Content
Don't be alone.
It’s been 10 years since my younger brother disappeared. It’s time people know the truth about what really happened. It’s what he would have wanted.
Dear Billy
Plushie
Its Taco Tuesday Here at the Eden Retreat
Something attacked us when we went hiking in the woods and I'm probably going to go missing for knowing about it.
You know nothing at all
Please Visit The Barkersfield Dog Park!
if I quit, I could die
Candy Red Eyes
The 9 legends of Rance's Avenue - Part 2
I think the serpent still lives...
Santa is real, and I will be doing more than leaving out milk and cookies for him this year.
I'm a freelance investigative journalist and I have stories you would never believe. (Possible part 1)
The Bellevue house
Search And Rescue
I work for a secret agency, they sent me to collect something that shouldn’t exist.
I was nearly a murderer.
Childhood Horror Story| Scary Stories 2020
The Escaped Fear
I beg you, please save me from my best friend
my boyfriend is dead?
Catch 'Em All! No, Really.
I'm a junior high schooler in Chesapeake, Virginia. I never expected to be disrupted by a body falling from the roof of my school
Poker in Viciebsk
Strangers in the Corn
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After spending a week in the asylum, I think I'd be better off in the Army
Clever Girl (short and sweet story)
I work at my local Subway. I think there’s something in the basement.
I got a new pet parrot. But then I heard it speak, and now I'm afraid of what it might make me do.
Nobody in this house ever helps me do anything.
The Night I Got The Specimen
Have You Touched Minds With Someone You Love? (Part 2)
I was almost Abducted
My Imaginary Neighbor
Hotel California
The Journal Of A Ghost: Part One
I am a sub-contractor for an agency that fights monsters (Part 5)
My grandpa is dead and I might be next!
My first and last conversation with a herald of it
Playing Checkers..
One of Them Panthers Screaming
I Set Fire To My Haunted House, But Maybe I Was Wrong...
Any help would be appreciatedI Should Never Have Cheated On My Wife At A Gay Bathhouse
Old Villa in the Czech republic
The Man in the Nightmare
We all thought that if he was removed, he would leave peacefully...
The demons of soccer camp
The Mercy Killer
Waking Up Dead
My Town is on a Hellmouth - Part One
I'm a Freelance Investigative Reporter and I have some stories to tell. (Part 1)
I found a portal on a sheep farm
Fefe keeps staring...
I’m an artist who sold my soul
Apparently it's not for me today
Dreams of Camping
The Wanderer's Tale
I gained an unwanted, cursed friend and now people I interact with die
A man came up to me in the grocery store today and claimed to be my husband.
My wife is paralyzed. Everyone thinks she's in a coma.
The Longest Night - Part 2.
2 Years ago, Me and My Son went to Italy To trace back an Italian Composer, Our findings were very Disturbing
Well, cutting off my hand didn't work.
The Dreamer, The Liar, The Friend
I think I died, my dog hates me - and now people are missing
The Final Days
A Guide from a Monster Hunter Part II
Sequoia (From my book The Eclipse Theater)
Witches Valley at Fort Fareham
I Saw Something in a Faraway Window
i my have perminent brain damage
Its dangerous... I know it now. Part 1
Skinwalkers in New Zealand
The Note on my Desk
Mount Drafter School is the best school. (PART-1)
My grandfather hates the smell of rain, and now I do too (part 2)
A Nintendo Game Counselor Has Been Calling Me Every Month Since I Was Nine
I ve hunted and enjoyed the woods my whole life, ive always been a skeptic of big foot, but this animals noise makes me think otherwise
THEY ARE SETTING UP A SCAMM TO ROUND PEOPLE
The Path
Hellfire Children
I'm being forced to face my demons on the longest first shift ever - The Spirit of Lust
My Cousin Mary
My house did not look as it should be
My sister could see things but no longer can
I found coordinates in a bottle that washed up on shore. I wish I had never followed them.
"The intruder" creepypasta
The Girl On The Road
Too sad think about😿🙀
In case you didn’t know
Unikitty Cursed DVD
There's a man in the woods
My friend allegedly saw a Goatman vs a Werewolf...Epic!!!
3:33 am a watch rings
I think I found the edge of our world.
A new Instagram influencer is obsessed with me - Part I of II
The last time I'll ever go to the back to the park... #1
I performed a ritual that allows me to view other dimensions through the Reddit UI.
!ƚʜǫinoƚ ɿoɿɿim ɘʜƚ ni ʞool ƚ'noᗡ
What I got in the mail pt 2
Unheeded Warnings Regarding Stairs and Never-ending stares
I Think Something Is Haunting My Dreams
A childhood experience showed me the truth about our reality (PART 1)
Trains
My strange library boss
scary teletubbies lost episode
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I want you to show this to my mom.
If you ever play marbles against Walter Hannah, don't say a word.
The other four (part 2 to the murder tape incident)
Why I Left Youtube
The truth.
Going Camping
Roaring trees
There's a reason I don't to outside when it rains.
Do me a favor. Kill the next missionary you meet.
Working at an amusement park: my shady manager
My childhood friend asked if I remember the Cigarette Man
A 'Skunk' DMed Me On Discord.. His Intentions Weren't That Of Normal Trolls..
A Documentation of the Weird Events in my Corner Store (Pt. 5)
Last night this happened and I'm scared for my life.
My Uncle Used to be a Cop, This is the Case that Made Him Quit
Childhood Story @ 5 AM on a Saturday
We don’t mention the demon
Can someone tell me what strange creature my son is seeing in our backyard?
CLASSIFIED - SUBJECT 0261
Seldon's Playroom
Unlucky luck
PROPER Stories #1: An Introduction, Evil Happens
Delicious Family Recipe!
Hello, I need some help. (Part 2)
Summer Solstice
I'm Stuck at a Hospital and I Can't Leave - 04
I think a demon has been following me and my dad
Dont Answer There Call, Dont Give Them A Hand
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on. (Part 5) (FINAL)
I didn't believe the local legend around a forbidden board game, but then Danny gouged his own eyes out.
“I found tapes made my great-grandfather in his basement”
most amazing weight loss treatment EVER!!!
The Bunker (pt. 4)
why i will never use the elevators in my residential building
My friends and I found a cave.
there’s something or someone in my grandmothers basement
Short Read about the near future
Book of the Damned
I Played Dry Bones, It Is No Mere Game... (Part 1)
I predicted someones death in Rocket League
I work for a company that pays well but I don't like what I do
Happy Halloween from the Gas Station
Bittersweet
I need help helping my best friend move on.
The Hole in The Wall, Part II
The Alaska Incident
The Legend of Rabbit Face
In Search of the Rocky Mountain Giants
looking for the best vendor ? here you go
Have anyone seen people from other dimensions?
I'm a police officer. I sometimes doubt that this even happened.
Library Rulebook
I'm BURIED AT SEA and need to warn you before I run out of air (part 2)
I thought it was just a dream
I’m a Private Investigator for the Dead and Recently Deceased – The Tempest
A different hand. A different day.
The Lever
The girl with the old face
True Paranormal Accounts Of A Man Who Just Wants Someone To Listen
I got a job as an underground miner and the list of rules that I got were disturbing.
Nobody but me knows about my father’s world
A Whole New Breed Of Monster
I'm stuck in a forest please help.
Message from Ward Staff: 12/26/2019
My Dad Left Me His Tape Collection (Part 4)
Jormungandr
My wife and I were given a list of rules when our son was born
Pi mining via smartphone
Someone is sending me cryptic messages through my Playstation
Day 1 of nosleep
My cousin, Austin
Not So Playful Place
Who’s in the Costa Mesa, CA area and knows what the fuck is up
They told me my baby was special.
Unexplainable Occurrences in my Childhood Home.
My Girlfriend Planned a Weekend Getaway to a Cemetery (Part 1)
I Keep seeing it in my dreams.
Ding Dong Ditch
I'm the Metro Keeper. It's not as lonely as you'd think.
I bought the secrets of the universe for $7.87
WE ARE NOT THE GOD YOU SEEK
How to escape a shit-storm while winter camping - Conclusion
I'm a cinema usher. We have some strange rules.
Walk The Path as Twilight Falls
I Was Framed By The Feds And Caged In The Hole For Almost A Year Before Being Cleared of The False Accusations
It was mandatory to leave a pumpkin and a dead animal at your doorstep every Halloween by 3am.
Does anyone else remember this webseries?
Dare to disturb the moor
I just inherited a haunted house that came with many rules. Today, I decided to browse a couple.
COVID-19 was created at my institution, it's not the worst disease we have
How a prestigious school lost all of their honour.
Maria
Why I wish I'd never read the recipe for my sister's liver pie.
I found a subreddit I shouldn't have. I've never regretted anything more in my life.
The Static Men
A Shadow In The Glow (Part One)
As a Child, I Was Never Alone in my Room
Info about Hooded man in dreams?
I met a skin-walker
How to Survive Camping - the dapple-gray stallion
my friend's auntie abuses her dogs
The Horse? Outside my window. True story
The Letter (Part 1)
Bruises
The Stalker
Cow
Rosetta Stoned
I hate friday the 13th hears why.
Can I Have Permission To Narrate Your Stories On My New Youtube Channel?
Maggie and Milo
Mike's potato cellar
The Last Man on Earth
Christmas
Don't Go In The Woods (Short Story)
The Case Of Zoey Hills
The case I was on had 718 Disappearances linked to it. (Part 1)
The Lights At My House
I’m The Only One In My Family Who Isn’t A Cannibal
I’m a recreational toad-licker, but I fear I’m about to croak
The Oracle of Being
I’m a PhD student researching urban legends. My visit to Devil’s Tower haunts me.
The Haunted House I lived in for 3 years
Mom almost died two times while working at movie theater
My twin sister and I are hunters. All hail the Faerie King.
In The Absence of A Name
The Trees are Alive and They're Trying to Get Inside My House
The Weirs Beach Wendigo
Shannon Arcade
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig.  "The heart"
Bank reports are coming tomorrow
Body in my closet
I can't outrun the wind (Final)
The Creeper
The Zoo I worked at had strange rules and guidelines. The interview was not what I expected.
Floor 1: How deep is this lake?
There's something in the woods killing people at my school.
Waiting for the mother
Tried to Sell a House, Now a Demon Follows Me...
I got kidnapped by Big Foot and I need helpNot Sick
Got A Call From My Friends House Phone- He Wasn't Home.
Incident 5My family has been haunted by a spirit for nearly 13 years
Where i go Death follows
The Freezer
Subject 7: Owl and Monarch
I always wake before the nightmare ends.
I called on death, and he answered.
My friend was a Coast Guardsman for the U.S. Coast Guard. He told me some stories before passing away
*The final testimony of Connor Jacob before being institutionalised on November 23rd 2019*
I found a video of my wife on a porn site, but what I saw was even worse
*** Now NoSleep is also on A L L T A B O O . N E T ***
I Live At The North Pole( Part 2)
3am Sleep Paralysis Experience
Message in a bottle
you may want to lock your doors on Christmas
Boy, Adventurer, Inmate, King
The never ending dream
I wished I had a bottle of wine
The Closed Files 2
You know that feeling, you're in the deepest depths of Reddit for hours watching tons of creepy videos and stories and you just can't sleep anymore?
Me and my brother caught an EVP
Keep Your Eyes Closed
The Countdown Letters
I pre-write emergency alerts. I think we’re about to be in real trouble
My friends and I played hide n seek at a local private school. I found what I like to call the "Hell Hall"
Scarlet Trees: Chapter Two
I've been stealing stories to narrate on YouTube, I'm so sorry.
I’m an Apple Farmer and something far worse than worms is ruining my crops
Confession of a mistake.
The Big Platchki of 1854 - PART I
The voice of the Storm
I should not have subscribed to my mothers only fans account.
Sybil Norcroft Meets the Devil: Chapter Five
The cult of the Hundred Eyed God has ruined my favourite fishing spot
My brother went missing in the woods and I found him, but something’s not right
currently happening need answers cryptic messages and dms
Don’t look out of your window in the middle of a storm. Ignore the thunder and pray you don’t see the lightning man.
Close your vents. It could be waiting for you.
Roots
I heard screaming last night and someone/something got into my room. I’m at my neighbours house now.
I'm a therapist who specializes in abused children. My new patient and I are battling monsters from our past, and I mean that literally.
One night, I heard a coyote begin to howl - with laughter
My wife started sleep walking recently, Im starting to get concerned
Entitled Man
Accounts From A Monster Hunter: Part-2
The recording- true story
The night I found Sarah Wilder
What happened on Schlitigheim Campus
What happened??
God's Own Personal Hell
he there
3:32 A M
The kids at my school used to play a weird game
I Discovered Far More Than Stars at the Planetarium
I got a call from my dead grandma the other day
He won't go away...advice?
Looking for a story I liked on here
The monster moved in.
I Should Have Trained my Dog Better
An unfinished Rory, from my "I'm a cast member" series :D
I Regret Buying This VHS Tape
What is that 'person'?
The Mange Effect...
Toybox III: The Dragon, The Witch, and The Broken
I played a game of 'Never Have I Ever' that I Never should have played.
Every night she would come up the stairs.
kx88r1.iso
The Delivery- Entering the House
I've Just Moved into a New House - Something Isn't Right
Gay mother boi
Don't enter the metro with a black line.
Paranoid Thoughts
My teacher was acting weird lately..
Sleeping Visitors
They Exist
DEATH
Collective Effervescence
I should not have looked in my grandmother's basement
The Creatures of Janus VII
If you could curate six No Sleep stories into an anthology book or tv series (Single Stories, No Series) which would you pick?
The storm wasn't the only thing I needed shelter from. (2)
Doesn't the sky look fake?
I've been reality shifting
I feel like I’m being watched when I’m trying to sleep
Our Lady of the Woods
Who is that?
The Patron Saint of Cancer Asked Me to Have Some Faith (Part 2)
Insanitt zero: Camp Pickleweed (part two)
Killer Children
My Neighbors Below Are Quite Odd
I can't get rid of it
Campfire stories with Robert! (Cross mix)
I’m never coming back to this god forsaken town.
Godless nights- (pt 1) my first hunt
Sorry
Something has been killing my father's cattle in the night
Conversations with the devil
The Autumn woods.
I'm being hunted down by my own government
Deadly Reality TV Series
I'm a camgirl and one of my clients is creeping me out (Part 3) (Final)
STAY OUT OF THE BASEMENT. UPDATE 2
Do not fuck this up.
The "Hospital" that is about to be built in New York isn't a hospital, It's something much darker.
My Family Was Blessed with an Angel... I Think It Was a Curse.
Am i crazy?
Blah
Tell me what to do, she's still standing there!
I went camping recently, but couldn't sleep because of a certain noise.
The Man Next Door
Kidnapped?
Stalker? i dont know anymore
I'm spending the summer with my grandparents, nothing is right here.
There were two wendigo outside my dads house last night
The worst summer of my life (or how I learned the hard way Pokémon isn’t the key to winning the heart of a beautiful woman)
I woke up this morning, and a list of rules appeared that I must follow forever. Part 2
The beasts are very real...
Not All Women
Crossroads(Creepypasta)
My future father-in-law is a walking corpse
USB
Looking for Scary Stories
"That maniac was trying to kill me."
Meeting with Death
Remembrance
10 minutes mirror stare challenge completed
I'm Joshua Riggins, and I Have A Very Special Ability (Part Two)
Something is wrong with my adopted child
To the person reading this: I'm Sorry
Divination
I am a teacher and my new school is starting to scare me
I touched an object.
I Work At The Only Pizza Place In Town( Part 4)
I think there's something wrong with my parents..
Something insidious lived in my childhood town, and it wants me to come home
I kill the parasites on earth to keep humanity safe  the crew
City of the Faceless
Funny mouth sounds 😂😂😂
someone put their pp in my bb
The Abyss gazes back
The rules won't help you.
My daughter has a notebook full of names: Severing Ties
I thought the lake was beautiful until it turned out otherwise..
Saying who am I in the mirror 10 times a day for the next 30 days
The road to nowhere
A world traveler went missing in the mountains near my town. Don’t try to find her no matter how much they offer
The previous tenant left a survival guide. When one door closes another opens.
Every time I die, I switch lives with someone, I can’t stop.
Chicken Poop
The Council Of Nine. (Chapter One)
Sweet nightmares, part 1
Tales from the Watch Tower part 2.
I never was the same after participating in an experimental study
My Darkest Dream
The mermaids got them, and now they walk the ocean as lost souls.
Tales of a lonely security guard part 8: The mill of horror
We made the world’s first Superhero. It was a huge mistake.
Avoid the Costumed Characters in Times Square
Stay in your reality
The Tracks Lead To The Shadows
Charles
Relative Accounts series episode 1
Heard weird noises while walking in the woods with friend
Tales from the Faefolk
“Where’s Sadie?”
I'm making my horror novel free for today, in honor of Halloween. I based the story on a bunch of nightmares I had. Happy Halloween!
Don’t trust everything you see
Scariest Email I've Ever Gotten!
The Bond Between Twins
My Friend and Her Coincidences
I work as a Prison Guard and I don’t think this place is a regular prison(Part 1)
Something's Scared NASA
Gas Station Meat
I think something is stalking me
There's A Clown Standing Outside my Window.
The Spirits of Yuriria, Pt. 1
Real life “Beware”
Something has been following me ever since I left the museum.
I Hear What I Can't and I See What I Wish Was Wrong
stolen time she didn't want back
I Tried Robbing my Town's Abandoned House...
Through The Glass
The Dock
Rebecca’s Contract
I Think I Found The Backrooms
I’m on Earth, but not MY Earth?
Im considered a Medical Mystery but I know exactly what happened to me.
Overnight camping: Week 5
THM
Kammie
My village
There's a town a few miles away from me. It wasn't there yesterday.
I’ve Been Trapped In A Crumbling Hospital For Years
The Moon isn't Just a Rock, it is Much More Terrifying
I was a hitman for the past 12 years, and this made me stop.
I spent a night with a Serial Killer
My dog always plays dead when I walk in the room. This time, he didn't wake up.
I hunt high profile targets for the government
The Girl Of My Dreams Started Living With Me And Now I Don't Know What To Do
To anyone who thinks that don't creep out easily, watch this video.
Has anyone seen the man with the plastic smile?
Goodbye Dear
devilish call
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 16
My friends and I are trapped in a small town in Michigan, something's very wrong here
A friendly killer👻
The Second Vessel
Trapped by my nightmare
I Found An Old Pirate Ship, Here’s What Happened Next. (2/2)
The Autumn woods
My Mom’s Animal Sanctuary: This Morning
A disturbing confession from a YouTuber with over 5 million subscribers.
My town does not mourn the dead like other towns. Week two: Faith.
It’s so cold, everyone is gone.
I have never been so afraid
As seen through stalkers eyes
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
My hometown doesn't exist.
They’re wrong about two things: that I’m too old for my therapy doll, and that she can’t blink.
The Shadow That Lurks in The Corner
I woke up on the top floor of a large apartment building. I don't know who I am or how I got here. All I know is, everyone's killing each other.
Can’t find a story I heard, now I’m scared I wrote it
Interview with Ada Ruth Shell/Interviewer:Harold Black 08-09-1897 Part 1
I used to work at Area 51 and I have a message for you.
i thought it was a normal day but i was so wrong.
My daughter is different... Pt. 1
New Harvest Moon, Special Yami Edition.
Noises in the dark
I’m a Mall Santa &amp; this one kid won’t stop Bothering me
Oh! Don’t cry! You’ll be begging for more once I’m done!
My new Martial Art School has some strange rules.
There's some hooded guy standing in the church across from me
I got a legit creepy voicemail. I'm confused as to what it's saying...
Laughter
Train Encounter
I’m a lawyer and my client is accused of criminal charges in a High Profile Case. I’m trying to make sure they get convicted. Part Two.
I always wanted to fly..
Can anyone help me? I’m on a bus that refuses to stop, and I don’t know where I am!
My dog came back after fifteen years and I wish she hadn't
I love my daughter, and could use some advice on how to help her through a traumatic event
Do you know why you taste blood on your can of Coke? I do.
It's foggy and the sky is red
My second day at Disney World and Everest is dark today. (5)
You’re Famous! Now What?
We accidentally built a time machine.... And now I know why my best friend(s) is trying to kill me.
FIVE
Y'know that feeling?
A Among Us Horror Story
So what's the protocol when you're checking under the bed for monsters, and there is something there?
The Lady in White-Part 1: The Red Dress
My neighbor's been acting weird since his divorce but there's always an end.
I narrate NoSleep stories on YouTube. An author gave me my 3rd copyright strike today. This is how I ruined his career.
I was a devout follower of rules.
The Importance of Being a Karen
It’s Not Just A Dream
Was it my sleep paralysis or a spirit? Perhaps for the sake of my own sanity I've never admitted the latter.
Is this my personal hell...
The Thing on the Mountain
I moved my family into a new home, but something was there before us.
He isn't what I thought
Inunaki Mura - The Abandoned Howling Village of Rural Japan. Part 3.
The Dead Talk to Me But I Don't Know What They Mean
Ghosts in the Basement
My friend read a book, it made him extremely dangerous.
Cel mai buna comunitate despre lucruri creepy și interesante
Just my luck
The Soviet Union never wanted anyone to know what really happened during Project Atlantis. I was part of the Project, and there's a reason we do not go back under the ocean. Part 3.
My daughter’s friend, Blue p1
The Blue Trailer
Hello, this is for anyone interested in getting their short story published ! May the force be with you !
The Thumping Pillow
I read an article on this sub-reddit I thought was fiction, until the monsters in the story came for me.
Creepy Stalker follows me through 4 different cool
Mom Married a Monster
Every year on Halloween, I receive an unsettling phone call. This year, it's escalated.
I was told this story, now all I can see is her.
The other patient in my room keeps talking in his sleep. He whispers about a “Church Beneath the Roots”
Back in either 2008 or 2009 Me and my brothers(and mom) watched a video that haunts me to this day...
I work at a secret government facility and have some information to tell
I was given a journal, and now I can't leave this town.
Demonic Pacts (Part 9)
My cat doesn't like dry food
How to Survive Camping: I went trick-or-treating with the man with the skull cup
Boston, the dog I adopted part 2, The Revealation
There is something terrible under the north shore
Why I'll Never Go Backpacking Again
Who is the tall man in the suburbs of Stockholm?
Coinmaster ruined my life
I think ive seen something i shouldn't have
The little girl in white
Barrel of Laughs
Thiết kế phòng thờ có nên để cửa sổ không ? - Phòng Thờ Việt
EMERGENCE
Eyes turn out scary in some pictures
A Personal Treachery Against God
My twin brother and I are hunters. Here's why we always try to look alike.
I don't think that person at Fright Night was an actor
I've been on the run with my father for two weeks. I've just found out why.
I was walking through a park when a spaceship crashed in front of me
the secret passage
Grindr Encounter
Every 27 Days, I Make The World A Better Place
I know this isn't eczema, I'm finding out tonight. UPDATE
I purchased a new house and there are some rules I need to follow.
He Won't Leave
The All Night Barbershop (Part I)
I wish I'd never started working out
The Horns from Hell (Part 2)
I went hunting in Pennsylvania and the forest never seemed to end
I live in an Asylum, and I had the strangest dream
A Journal in the Off Limits Section of the Park
Within The Woods
Almost
I just moved into another town with my dad. I think there's something wrong with the people.
Freakin' Joey
I found a strange notepad while I was exploring a ghost town
The Buzzing In My Head Won't Stop
Abandoned Mansion Poltergeist??
The Announcements
My dog found something in the woods, and now it won’t leave us alone
The textures are gone here.
He offered me an ice cream every day for seven years. I finally took it.
My Daughter's New Imaginary Friend Is Scaring Me
My friend's drawings are stunning, but his process will land him in prison one day (finale)
Found a weird forum obsessed with the color green and some "mother" character
Bad actress
Science Explains How Much Sleep We Really Need Depending on Our Age
Exordium of Aiden Hart - The Cat
Will Somebody Buy My Fuckin' House? -- Please?!
Our Lord and Savior
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 9)
My scariest school lockdown
Precognition
The Legend of CAVEBOY- and the Riddle of the Rhyme (Part 2)
Why you shouldn't explore hidden cave passages.
If you have any information on the disappearance of these 5 teenagers please call Bexar county police department at....
Real Daddy
I can't wake up
The Crow
My tinnitus has had a long past and it is finally catching up.
What was it?
Shooting spree: at least 21 dead, 33 injured in mass shooting in thailand by a soldier
I Almost Died In South Korea
This school is not ok (Pt.1 Section 1)
I would finally like to talk about something that destroyed my life.
I should have turned down the two free tickets to the corn maze.
I Got Hired By An Old T.V. Horror Host
I’m the winter caretaker for an ultra-wealthy neighborhood. One of the houses must've been designed by MC Escher, because I was lost inside for three days.
Life can be hard after losing a parent
My Grandfather Never Allowed Radios in the House. He had a Very Good Reason. Part 2
Me and my friend used to be burglars, this is why we stopped
Don't Disturb Religious Icons in Abandoned Homes
Strangers began recognizing me, and it turned my life upside down
I’m Sorry, Jon. It’s Not the Tools that are Evil, it’s Us.
I was Healed at Transformative Trepidations Rehab Clinic, but I think I'd Rather not be Sober Anymore
I work at a library legendary for its silence, but the new head librarian is a mouth breather. (Final)
Guys I am freaking the fuck out right now
My Girlfriend Can't Sleep
My encounter with the Nuckelavee
The Autopsy of an Elk
He estudiado en escuelas católicas (de monjas) toda mi vida, quieren saber algo al respecto?
I lost my little girl and now nobody remembers her
Fun HouseI found the most terrifying website ever (seriously/must read)
Deal with the devil (I think I caused this pandemic)
I’m a coroner who just left my shift early. 2021 is off to a horrifying start.
My Re-occurring Dream
There's a reason you don't remember the Oregon Wildfires (Part II)
The Cadacus
The Office: Saturdays are Dead
Hole Street
Police of Reddit what was the most messed up thing you saw
I'm trapped in a room with a pill bottle
I saw an "illusion" of a large and illuminating white spider and I need to know what it means
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything
I think its payback time us humans
I work for a company that summons ghosts available for use nearby.
The lake
Margret
I found a rope. It saved my life.
I never believed the local tales of a demon who lived in the vast palm plantations, feeding on those who dared not gaze upon him- that was, until my car broke down...
Working at sea is never ‘normal’ – but the past few voyages were downright strange
Sandy
My nightmare every night
I died and came back.
I've been dragged back at the place I used to work at but quit because of the rules. (Pt. II)
I entered an online contest where the winner got to “live a week in the life of an international assassin.” I won..
My Punishment
An Unwelcome Neighbor
An encounter with a homeless woman changed my life.
I Thought I Was Imagining the Noises Outside My House, Until I Saw The Tracks in the SnowPart 2
Now i know why they want them to be cremated. And im one of them now.
I went to my friend’s sixteenth birthday, and it turned out that the ”barbecued burgers” they were serving were actually barbecued children...
Orange Broche
Including Phantom Pain, but Not Limited To
An Inter Dimensional Window
I wish the singing would stop
The demon in me (true story)
IT IS A RUSSIAN STORY!
Bugged
Opened the wrong door
A real life happy death day
I Perform Exorcisms, I travel with the Mother of Demons (Part 1)
My name is Lydia Poole, and I work for the Devil.
Lazarus and the Necronomicon
How lucid dreaming turned my dreams into a reality
Please help. Something happened on a beach in New Zealand. Long story short, I think I’m in Spain.
18 Months To Go
I Need Help With My Hired Dog Walker
The Lady
Deadly Creatures that live in The Sewers just started an apocolypse (Part 1)
I have no idea where to put this disturbing discovery, if it’s in the wrong place, please guide me where to put it
The Devil and God Quit and I Wish They Hadn’t (Part 1)
Join this for ALL of MegNutt's OF content!
Don’t ignore the Trick or Treaters when they come knocking! Respect Tradition!
In the Waking Hell
My mother invited someone to dinner, and it was the most dreadful thing I've ever experienced.
When I was a child my family moved into a new home. Something evil resided in its walls, and I think it's back.
The Dybbuk Box from Chihuahua
I think I should break up with Eddie, but I forget why...
I think I’m in hell
H E L L O
I'm a cinema usher. We have some strange rules.
How to escape from sleep paralysis
uhhhhhh
Fast Food
Something devilish resides in my old hometown, and it wants me to come back
How does it feel to be a burden?
My brother has been having the weirdest night terrors recently.
Sunday, April 12th, 2020. 1 PM
It has been nine days since the lights flickered
My school just got put on lockdown. Unearthly monsters are hunting my 10th Grade class down. (Part Two)
My Town is A Mess Of Issues
The Massacre at Crybaby Bridge: An Oral History
The creature of the night
My nightmares came to haunt me!
A note from a dead astronaut.
How To Play the Reaper’s Game
I kept hearing my brother crying but he was right beside me..
Shoes.
Primal Desire
Recording In Progress
The taxi revelation
My Dream Job Has Become a Nightmare  FINAL
I recently started working at a hotel. There's something wrong with all the guests
Retinal growth
Sometimes, just leave your dorm mates alone.
Age
23:19:24 11/6/2020
Where The Butterflies Dance (Part 1)
I worked in a maximum security prison.
I was working as security but after this..
Staying off the dark web won't keep you safe anymore. Follow these rules online, or you'll be their next target.
Got me thinking..
Chainsaw
I don’t think this is a coincidence...
The Deep Voiced Woman
The ring of the bell signals the death of another camper
My sister saw a slender creature during our camping trip.
I’m gonna go sleep😈
I’m a Pizza Delivery Driver. Yes, it is true we see quite crazy things on the job.
I saw a SCP
I work at a Body Farm and saw something I wasn't supposed to
I worked the night shift as a security gaurd in a mall. There was a stange set of rules.
House for sale. For NoSleepers only.
Bailey's Here (Part 1)
My primary school grade 6 teacher (COLIN LYONS) was found to be pedophile... and he got away with it all.
I am go hunting for a wendigo
Tales From TheUnknown Town P.2
15%
I've Been Trapped In The New Mexican Desert For Two Weeks (Part Two)
Hikers, travelers, etc what's your scary forest story?
The Sheep Path
I'm testing out a new medication, and I'm not myself anymore.
If you’re reading this right now this may be the last post I ever make.
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't read about it on the news. Every Family is a Machine, and every Machine breaks down sometime.
Our love is only an illusion
Am I seeing things?
Don't Tempt Fate 4 - A Little Animal
JOIN THE ADVENTURE BELOW :
Encounter With Tall White Figure In Forest ( B.C Canada)
Why We Take The Heads Off The Mannequins At Night.
Codename: CHATTERBUG
I think I'm losing my eyesight.
She chased me and stabbed me
Mirror, Mirror
My friends wanted to go to a music festival.
Oliver's Antiques
I got a past life regression hypnosis and saw something I wish I didn't see
When I was young, I found a child in my closet. He forced my father to do horrible things.
The System is Your Friend
My strange experience in my old house
I work at a medical testing facility, or that’s what I think.
I was going to keep a journal of my spring cleaning this year.
Over, under.
Doom of the civilization: This is what we asked for - Intro
Long winter nights
There’s a haunted bathroom in my school. And I accidentally entered it and saw strange things.
2 story’s one wholesome one that makes my blood chill
I met the man from my childhood night terrors
i found a weird set of rules in a nature reserve and now im in a psychiatric unit
My boss wanted to know how they drowned
I'm two different people.
The lone entity
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist
My grandmother used to rent out a room in her old house and we found a set of rules she left for tenants (Part 1)
I can feel my body decaying and dying but nobody believes me
The amusement park I work at has strange rules(Part 3)
Why is every story on here about a set of rules?
House of infintes
Has anyone heard of the Left/Right Game? (Part 5)
Stuck in my dream
I killed a young man who nobody cared about
You need to be careful. Your eyes will betray you
Invisible beings
The Coyote, the Shoshone, and the message they brought me.
Day 3 of not sleeping
Army of the Finely-Dressed Dead
If You Ever Visit Johnstown, Ireland, Never Go Into The Forest After Dark
My wife keeps waking me up from sleep walking, it's worse than I thought
My Uncle's Estate
It Wasn't a Lipoma
Can’t die
The Suicide Killer
A velveteen type rabbit has appeared behind me in photos on a shelf where nothing should be there. Any explanation?
The thoughts of the mind.
We think something wanted to join us for lunch
I Work At The Darabont County Archives - Part Six H
A Simple Game of Mafia
I'm telling myself if it just a coincidence...
It started so beautiful
Penance (Part 2)
I found an unopened letter in my mom's attic after her funeral. I shouldn't have read it. Part II
lizzy
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you.
Have you got the drive?
My family keeps the records. I don't think we need to anymore.
I set out to see everything. Now I can't UNSEE it.
I Found a Stranger In a Bridge (Pt. 2)
Something weird is happening in Phoenix, Arizona...Have you noticed the flickering lights?
If you hear a woman singing outside your window at night, then it's already too late for you.
I’m looking for true scary stories for my YouTube Channel called Jay Stories. Feel free to contact me on reddit. Thanks!
And I am in a Cage (Part 1/2)
Kayla’s Diary (PART 1)
My PC restarted for an update. Then i was stuck in a loop
Blankets, Cigarettes and poor expectations
He Who Smiles
My Cat Loves Me
Continued
They Also Feed On Moonlight (draft)
DALLAS MUSIC SCENE
"Karma comes in mysterious ways."
My childhood friend died in a ritual gone wrong and I had no choice but to bring her back
I have been trapped inside a Costco for the past 3 days
I Sat Face-to-Face With Someone I Knew and Didn't
A man helped me while I was stranded.
God Left Us in the Somme
A true story of how I saw a ghost in Costa Rica
My Parents Sent Me To Christian Camp, They Want To Have Me "Baptized"
My Boyfriend Started A Cult And Now He Wants Me To Give Him An Heir
The Haunting of Baker Place
Every 12 hours a butthole appears on a random wall in my house, it gives me a chosen item I need for that day. Yesterday, it dropped a really weird talisman. (1/?)
There's Something Wrong With The Other People On My Bus
Dating for almost a year.
There's a Batman magnet on my fridge.
Lucid dreaming turned my dreams into reality.
Urgent Message from Earth-720
We raided Area 51 the night before everyone else and we are still stuck here, and I don't think we'll ever find our way out. Part 1
Back from the library. Some answers, more questions.
The restaurant that never existed
I'm a top executive at an international burger franchise. You don't want to know what you've been eating.
In Decline
Don't look under street lights at night
My imaginary friend has become to real.
I farted now I regret it’s
They called the wrong number... but it was all planned.
A Love Letter
Christmas Music
I keep hearing my voice when I’m not talking, and now my mom and my roommate have, too.
The Old Elementary School Playground
By My Side
I work as Paramedic....for the Paranormal.
Has anyone seen the man with the plastic smile?
My entire town plays red rover on Friday nights
It's a matter of time
I don't think it will let me go a third time.
Sleepwalking
The monster in the Mississippi
"Hunt-a-killer" Made me solve a local cold case.
The whistelman
the man we see.
So this is my first time telling a story but it’s a true story.
Something lives in my brain
They Called Her Scary Sherri
Tikwi
Every Halloween, I get the same trick-or-treater
My Grandpa ran moonshine
My Favorite Recipes For Making Friends and Keeping Them
I Am Seeing the World in 2nd Person !!
WHERE I'M?
Life 360 Could've Saved My Life, Break-In
Greenwood Manor
Something's Here
The Lullaby Lady
If you see the skeleton man ad, DO NOT click on it.
I have been hearing noises from the attic
The Nunu
I befriended my neighborhood killer P1
It took her
I’m so sorry Mom. I have to go.
I’m a night janitor at a Catholic school
The stereo
I do not look at the stars.
I'm a corrections officer at a prison where nothing happens.
My dad summoned a demon, and I'm paying the price.
I left a Yelp review for my doctor and now I'm worried
For the last few hours my cat has been creeping me the hell out. I think I know why.
Ghost part 1 of 23
The Cuff -
A twisted, psychotic cabdriver. Onset of a happy new-year: a father trying to wrap his head around his teenage son's suicide. Mother stripped off her motherhood. Her gory retaliation. School authorities too ignorant of studential sentiments. Gore and crooked satisfaction. Spouts of blood.
Car kill
It Wasn’t Supposed To Rain
If only
The Man in the Wall
My crazy ex gf!
Now that the Middle East wars are winding down, are people in the National Guard “weekend warriors again”?
I keep seeing strange golden lights in the blizzard
What a Beautiful Day
I work at the strangest zoo on Earth. God help us if any of the creatures we house there escape. There is a set of rules that can never be broken
#let'sbringback2sentencehorrorstories
PET FOR SALE - SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY
CrypTed Truck (3)
The Bunker of Babel
Mexican Punks vs Aliens
Relaxing Slime Compilation ASMR | Oddly Satisfying Slime ASMR Videos #45
There have been bombs blowing off outside for the past 5 days, I don't know what they are fighting, but it won't go down.
An Account of Strange Happenings Near Prominence, Colorado in 1878 - September 17th
I’m a cast member in your favourite TV show, and I’m running out of time.
We think we're trapped in a time pocket and we're looking for anyone out there who still isn't frozen. Please help us!
We got a Message from a other star system warning us (Part 1)
Chasing Amy
I've lost another Boyfriend.
Pick. ChewSome forest experiences
The House On 5th Street
It's Watching Me
The Trial Game.
Where exactly is Aleister, Maine? (Part 7) (Final)
I discovered a forgotten tribe near the Grand Canyon, I wish I hadn’t
Something Rearranges My Room Every Night
The Summertime Murders
I lived through Hell, and came out with debt.
The Other Side Of My Bed Creaks When I Don't Look At It
There's a tiny building in the oilfields outside Bakersfield that I will avoid for the rest of my life.
YouTube Selective Videos?
I miss mommy
"Rise and Shine!" is what they said. Part 1.
My mom works in a haunted school
The Pesanta.
It was living in the floor
Good Girl
My Late Night Encounter With... Something
I signed up for a mail-order bride service, but now they won’t stop sending strange women to my house
I work for a Top Secret Body Farm. And it’s every bit as Creepy as you Think it is. In fact, it’s even creepier.
I Found an Underwater Town
I accidentally summoned a demon three days ago.
I can’t explain what I saw one night when I was 12
The Sun is gone and there's creatures outside. (Part 1)
I slay monsters for a living. These are stories the government doesn’t want you to read.
My best friend in high school was a demon
Stalked by a psychopath
There was a breach today in the research and security
Just your Friendly Neighborhood CleanUp Service
I Got an Emergency Disaster Warning At School (Final)
I could never be forgiven for what I'd done, but I found a way to pay penance: the abandoned church
The Cuff - Ch.1
Baba Yaga
constant and consistent
My Girlfriend Got Into BDSM
Something creepy
A Walk in the Woods
***PLEASE SEND HELP; CAN'T USE PHONE***
srry for not being more active on here ✌️
I could’ve taken her place
A final confession of Sarah Silverman
I did it, they cant... they WONT hurt anybody else...
The ReDeads (Ocarina of Time)
Do they miss us?
I’m Meredith Garland, dispatcher for the souls of the damned
My plan was to run in high school, but now my ankle doesn’t work
There was a creature who visited my house everynight. (Part 1)
My best friend is a parakeet (Part 2)
My grandmother left me the secret to her famous recipe when she died.
Report Deleted
The Bankers
The one that almost killed me, Saved me.
I found tapes my grandfather left behind, and this one’s about our neighbors in the sky.
I can see my body drowning in the bathtub.
The day my ski mask saved my life
All That I've Seen- Part 1
If You Wake Up to Find an Old Television on Your Porch, Get Rid Of It!
Is This A True Story?
Rain
Our House Is Keeping Us Alive (part 2)
Midnight Snack
Crazy Experience when I was a Delivery Driver
My Daughter Would Have Been Six Today
If you ever see an ad for a bottle of pills called Frederick Fantasm Faskis’s miracle lucid dreaming pills don’t take it. There’s darker forces at play.
That memory is a stain. No matter how hard I scrub, I worry I'll never be clean again.
I was bored with my life, now I regret everything (Part 4)
That One Time The Pavement Came To Life
I Want to Keep Falling
“The Woman in Room 406”
Dead cAt dead mind
I should not have subscribed to my girlfriend's onlyfans account.
There is a Thin Place Far too Close to My Town
The man with no face
I played a game with my friends and now two of them are dead
Bitter Roots
"Welcome to The Clover Garden! Die once, Die twice, enter here only but Thrice!"
guys I need to escape there after me
I woke up in a city that does not exist.
Hiking with the cow
i love death
Unconditional Surrender
The shadow that haunted me since I was five.
The Girl with Heart Shaped Sunglasses
I moved into new flat and I found this diary in the cupboard. I hope it's okay to share the diary entry.
Along the Water
I Remember You On The 9th Anniversary
Hey guys, if you're unable to sleep, please check out my online store which sells comfortable apparels and its designs are based on the Malayan tiger (hence, the name Harimau). There's a promo code STAYATHOME to have 20% off all products!
A true childhood horror experience
I'm seeing the white gown again
The Lost Haunted Mansion Boat Ride
Supermarket Kitten Part 1
Never buy antiques on the black market. You never know what demonic entities they may be hiding.
slenderman concept story
Seed
I hear tapping on my window at night...
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash but I know otherwise
Peregrinacion a talpa/ pilegrimage to talpa
I was afraid of the dark, now I know the real reason why.
It Lies Below, Part 1
Stalked by a vampire in Queens?
Last night my roommate was kidnapped and I think I know where he is (Final)
Baby Daddy Drama
Have you heard of the Tricker?
I found this under my bed should I take it seriously?
I’m a World War II historian. This is what happened when I turned on the lights.
The end
Something weird happened in my forest
So it was a typical night for me yesterday
I'm a psych nurse and I think my patient communicated with the devil
Gg
Whoever created the rules here, toss yourself
I couldn’t dash to the door quick enough
The man made my sister come back to life but something is not right.
Jeff.
My camera is possessed
|The man in the orange shirt| short story
So I used to have this nightmare
In the hospital after a terrifying encounter on the road
The Heflin Case of 2007
I've Been Experiencing Weird Things Lately At My House
I spied my sister's best friend, and now I can't undo what I seen...
My director's friend found this in his basement
To tired to sleep or idk..
Monsters don't only come out at night. And they're things we see everyday.
What as That!? Beware What Could Be In Your House At t Night!
All my life I’ve been taught to repress every emotion I had.
Get UK driving license@DVLA
My best friend always wanted to find a white deer.He still has not
Favors For Norse Gods: Death's Assistant
I found an old disturbing notebook in my house (1)
Creepy encounter while walking my dog
Something's in my basement
The mansion me and parents moved in to 4 years ago is not normal
I woke up feeling hungry this morning. That was when I knew it was too late.
My Teacher Assigned a New Book, But I've Never Heard of It
Satanistim - witchcraft - sexism - Mind control psychatry- (and probably everything else wrong) the scale of the social engneering going on
Our town doesn't celebrate Halloween here, we hide from it.
I love numbers
Sidley by the Sea
I think I'm dead
Devon's Guest
The security guard in my apartment building.
we smelt something horrid in the store room. we were shocked when we checked what was up...
I Fear For My Life
Kindled - How my life changed when I bought the deserted storage unit 7-21
My friend got involved with a gang
My Mom Received A Creepy Text Earlier
The Burned Photo
My husband's car was broken into, but the 'burglar' left something behind.
I Am Immortal....I Think.....(Real)
The Gift of Shaitan
My time travel kerfuffle: prologue
I finally found a specialist who could help with my anxiety
Resisting reality
WAKE UP
knock knock tap tap
Alexa....
Every night a different Orange Julius employee tucks me into bed and I don’t know why (FINAL)
When the forest goes slient
Something happened to my mother that I can't explain.
LASIK surgery fixed more than just my eyesight
I jumped forward in time and saw the End of The World.
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. This, inevitably, is how things ended up.
PROJECTdeath.exe**
William Anthony Adams III
Backyard Oddities Continued
There's some weird storm on the horizon and I'm sorta freaking out.
Room 1902: I’m Farmer Ray, and today I met my Evil Hotel Twin Brother
The odd thing i saw in the sky.
Favors For Norse Gods: Link
A simple explanation
Pleasant View Church Is Back In Session
Something's not right
My college sorority is different. Only half the members are human – The initiation
I Am a Psychopath
dinner.
Storm of the Century - Chapter One
Halloweens Long Walk
And so, as I drifted off into the warm embrace of slumber, the shocking realisation hit me
It's just a hoax right (final)
The Maniac-Classified
The Rainforest in the South West Wilderness of Tasmania Will Sing To You. Don't Listen.
The knocking (and why is wont go away)
I'm a cam girl. My stalker has a sex doll that looks exactly like me. I think he's been inside my house.
The day I learnt that we all live a lie.
Our Reality is Changing
I am pregnant and my baby is eating its way up from the inside: Final - What's dead may never die
I think I've gone insane...
I Had to Follow 5 Rules At My Friends House During a Sleepover
BEWARE!!
Have you ever felt like there was something behind you?
Unexpected Instagram Call
Awesiaki: Chapter Eleven
8ight After: if you don't believe, then you have nothing to fear -- Part 1
Redstop 2
I used to be in the army. Something killed my entire base
So,every night I swear I see something in my home after I go to bed,to be fair I am only 16, is it just my imagination or could somebody be living in my home?
The Doll in the Closet
The Day I Tried to Live
They Didn't Need an Exorcist
She’s a Beauty
Do you all accept dreams? This was mine one year ago.
They’re everywhere
Metal and Bones
The Book of Autonomancy (Part 9)
There are some rules when living next to the woods. If you find pillars made of meat, you probably shouldn't chop them down.
Has anyone else come across the ASMR channel ‘QuietChild1742’?
always say "tabi tabi po" when walking in the night in the Philippines
There's a Room in My House that Locks from the Outside
Snapchat Intruder
My Shadow Isn't Where it Should Be
8 Days of Hell
I have seen the last missing twenty four minutes of Eyes Wide Shut and now I'm in fear for my life
My dad’s first wife was imprisoned for Munchausen Syndrome by ProxyThe Girl That Came Into Our Classroom
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 4)
My Dreams Are Becoming Too Much.
something impersonated my parents
Beware those who walk without sound
A Confession of MurderThe Shack
Life itself to be understood
I witnessed something beautiful, and it almost damaged my eyes.
My Experience Hunting Cryptids part 2
Me, my best friend and some others people are kidnapped by a strange creature (Part 1)
Bad things happen to people who double-cross me
I think my cat can see spirits
The Gangbang RoomThe Thing
I started my Anti-psycotic meds a few days ago, 50mgs.
im me! marlino Ft.Tone Love ( Tuff Crew)
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (P.2)
A mysterious man saved me from possibly dying when i was little.
I was given a top secret mission to track down and find out the purpose of life
I Was Stalked By Witches/A Cult
I found a mattress at my rental, wasn't expecting a set of rules to come with it.
Welcome home
I’m on the run
I survived a wendigo.
I Just Got A Babysitting Job...and There’s A Strange Set Of Rules.
I know you awake......
the old man.
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Two
Robotic insects have invaded my home and are making me question my own reality
A Little Bit of Baggage
How do I unsubscribe/stop seeing posts from this sub in my feed? I'm on reddit for memes not for long ass text posts. No disrespect!
I'm a crime scene investigator, but even I don't know what happened here...
I am the former manager of hotel Pandemonium and I have a story to tell.
There are things that move too fast for us to see. And they're hungry.
Between the Boxes - The Rules of the Void
Transcention
She Used to Sing Me to Sleep
There's more than owls and crickets
I just hit 500,000 YouTube subscribers, but I hate my fans with a passion.
I keep hearing and seeing thing in my house...and I thing it might be haunted...
Scary gummy worm incident
The new girl and I took a break together today
We found something on the Moon. I wish we never came back
I was in the bed when i saw something.
The Elder Tree Witch
My flatmate is a vegetarian
My university revealed the secret project they were working on to a select few. It wasn't what I expected.
I am a pet store security guard and I have a weird set of rules to follow (Part 1)
My husband disappeared while walking across the highway (short story)
Something is in the corner
A man was standing outside my hotel room every night.
My boyfriend is not answering my notes
I've been a search and rescue diver for 12 years. We see a lot of strange and disgusting things, but what I saw last week has me questioning both my job and reality.
I Drove a Faceless Girl Home
I’m searching for a story.
Stay away from the ocean, it's not safe anymore.
To the Future Buyer of This House, You Need to Know Why The Closet Door is Boarded Shut.
"You need to whisper"
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. What a demented dinner party..
My Guardian Angel Doesnt Seem Very Holy
Such a beautiful note
Whatever You Do, Don't Talk to Strangers...
Please Explain What I Found in My Uncle’s Apartment
I think the Dead Sea was created for a reason (Part 1)
The Prison I Work at Should Be an Asylum
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and Something's Going Very Wrong (Part 1)
Daddy gave me a teddy bear for my birthday
Shadow People Research Facility Central Texas - Slow Heart Attractor Technique.
"You Are Being Impersonated by the Other Voice" - Who Called Gary Sudbrink?
Nightfall
I need your suggestions for coming up with a horror story.
The creatures that followed me from childhood.
Painted Shut.
Strange changes- discoveries
Camp LottiThe Banana Lady
The Red door
My brother told me a story about a stump that grants wishes. I made a wish but I wasn’t prepared for the consequences.
I Loved Watching Fireflies
Shrimp Atrocity
The dream team of 2004
Penelope Hannigan’s Bones
The Loser - Finale
Once you enter, there’s no going back.
The Way the Bunsen Burned
Everywhere I go, it follows.
How to Survive Camping: Rule #5 - the gray world
Issues cleaning up.
I am the devil, and here I share my duty.
Uey I'm music producer from India
Not a Hero
The kids I used to babysit knew about the boogy-man
I'm pregnant and I don't know how
When I was a teenager, I killed dozens of people and then myself. But then, I didn't.
Why I Can’t Stand Laughter Anymore
The Clown Wave of 2016 and My Experience with It
The Ghosts of my Past
I am a Radar Technician on a survelliance plane. We cannot land.
Minotaurs
i scared my father away
I think I gained the power to collect soul shards and I don't know what to do.
There are 5 inmates on death row in a secret prison and I've been tasked with eating their sins. Envy eats nothing, but its own heart.
I Am Thinking About It Again
Makage
Real life horror stories.
I Think I Helped Build a Murderer’s Dungeon
A red mist surrounded my town and now everybody is going insane
Mr. Blank. (FINAL)
Tear The Heart
When You Get Phone Calls on Two Different Numbers From The Same Number At Same Time.
True or Not?
My Odd House....Part 1
Something went horribly wrong during my school trip
Eight years ago my daughter disappeared. Tonight we received an ominous phone call from her.
The Dead Man
I'm not hungry anymore.
I shouldn't have made that deal...
Does anyone else remember the Saturday Morning Cartoon ‘HalloweenTime’?
Hopps
This basement has no stairs.
I shouldn’t have returned to Camp Grass-Heights. Now, I’m paying the price.
Fixing the Glass Dome
I just moved to a small town and there's something wrong with the people living here
I met the Shadow Man...
Something happened to my wife
He Stopped to Smell the Roses
Very Online
I found a new hiking trail. I wish I never saw what was at the end of it.
I work at an ice cream shop in my small town
Dr. Morrigan's Case Files: Addendum to Ryan's File
The Canadian Case Files (1 of ?)
Kids.. don't do drugs
One Last Hike
Victim of Domestic Violence
Short Story: The Believers
She took the kids
Who else has seen giant orbs through the crack of their door? - SERIOUS
The creepy ghost that watches you sleep.
Sometimes, it's better to ignore the strange object that's fallen from space.
If you know the username Iam4you on Twitter please let me know, my twin sister is missing.
I spoke with the Devil, God, and the Grim Reaper all in the same day.
My friends and I are urban explorers who break into doomsday bunkers for the super wealthy. We snuck into one my father built, and we'd be lucky if any of us escape from it alive.
The dead always remember.
I was almost lured into the basement..again
Family truth
I'm trapped in a 10x10 room with unnatural darkness, a desk, and a 90's computer with microphone.
Transcript - Incident Report
#71 Micro-Pasta 20- Alice... | Dans l'ombre des légendes
Throw It AWAY
Last night I let my dog outside, but something else came back in... (cont.)
I've Been Stuck at Work for 80 Plus Hours - I've Lost Track of Time
NSFW I'm a therapist who specializes in abused women and children. Something is after me since I started working with my newest patient
Not a horror story, but Happy 10 years!
The Insanity Project Test #38
I can't sleep anymore
My Friend, Ben
I was a Toybox Victim
There was something that came to me while I was swimming.
My boyfriend wants to get rid of my mother’s soul! Advice?
Horror stories of Jamaica
Kentucky Nights
My name is Adam--I'm the pianist for a Luciferian Church and last night I saw something I wish I hadn't
The Bog outside of Town
No bread..
I'm stranded in a ghost town, but I'm not alone...
I stopped myself from ending it all, out of spite to him
Never Accept a Random Zoom Invitation
I'm sending messages to myself.
Décés's Fiddle.
I'm not actually missing
my parents went to Hawaii and all i got was...
I work at a summer camp called Camp Oakwood. Something weird is going on. (Part 3)
Someone is building something at my school
Into the void... Forever. Part 1?
Desperate Times for updates
My big brother (Part 1)
I woke up in a dream and then woke up?
I Helped My Childhood Best Friend Kill His Half Sister
The Mines
Why I Don't Watch Britcoms- Part 2
The Gigantic Chihuahuas
The Horror Attraction,was Truely Horrifying
The Devils Circle, Another story from the woods
My Dad told .d too never look into the pipe. I didn
I just graduated from medical school, and today I found out what my hospital's mysterious rules mean
I Was An Actress On A Forgotten Nineties Sitcom. It Turned Out I Still Had A Fan. PART 1
The Light House
Yellowish Grey (first Horror story)
Don't go walking in Colorado Mountains.
The Confession
"My deli doesnt pay me enough for this shit" entry 1: faceless freezer freak, and introduction to the seriese
Warning: Don’t Open the Book “Ditty Dotty Deety Dum”
City Girls
I’ve Seen Some Shit in the Backwoods of New Jersey
Night shift at the motel
I found something when I was home alone. It’s not what I expected.
We've been stuck in a suburban neighborhood for days
My Twin Died, but Our Connection Didn't
I’ve been trapped in here for 14 aydays.days
I'm slowly turning into my dead sister.
Every Night In Your Bedroom... I warn you
My grandma died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. I blew the last chance I had of fixing this shitshow, and now the damn space demon's lit the forest on fire.
Karma
I'm a Sailor in the US Navy (We just found something real bad) PT 1
I Can't Stop.... Stop Me... Please/NSFW
He Smiled at Me
I'm not sure if these phone calls were real
The demon is nearer than I think all 4 parts
Overnight camping: week 8
At The End of Every Show, They Set A Ballerina On Fire (Part Seven, FINAL)
The Dish
These creatures could be human... or the manifeststion of fear itself...
I DIED IN MY SLEEP, BUT LIFE SAVED ME
I experimented with sleep paralysis, here are my results
Doctor Who short horror story. - The Hospital of angels.
Death For Sale
One year ago, they put a up a blockage around our town. It was the right thing to do.
My friends went to an abandoned place today
My brothers imaginy friend is giving me very real anxiety
The Small Man
There is something wrong with the local coyotes
I am Amada Castle. I have taken up the mantle.
I'm new and have no idea if this fits here (Story from 2:12am)
AUTOMATIC TRANSCRIPTION #6583720383
I found Cupids' Arrow and it
This is all because of my greedy great grandparents
The green sea
The School Shooting (Part 1)
My parents live in the attic
Panicked Lethargic Marathon, or The Thing in the Garden
The Ghostwriter (Part One)
Deadly Advertisment.
The Gnome Lair
My tram drove into a tunnel I’ve never seen before. Now I’m stuck and I’m loosing my memory... (Part 1)
There are no mirrors in my house (Final)
We thought it was a school shooter,but it was much worse.
What it's like to live in total isolation
I'm a Disneyworld security guard. I'm scared to death.
The dare of all dares.
The Abandoned Bridge Over Water (real, happened to me)
Every Time a Bell Rings...
"For the Sake of Decency, Gentlemen, Don't Hang me High."
My son came home today
ATTENTION. THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS REPORT (Fright Fest)
This isn't a warning
I'm a Philly cop and my friend killed a house.
I Was Legally Dead for Four Minutes. There is no Heaven. There is No Hell. There is only The Lazarus Game.
My abnormal sleep paralysis.
YouTube Fish Video
Knifewing
I could hear a woman plead for help
There’s a giant person in the sky (part 2)
Meeting your doppelganger is bad luck
I work in an underwater laboratory. We just lost contact with our sister site. Part 2.
42 hours (sattire)
The bogeyman ain't real!
There's a sign at the lake that says "Don't feed the ducks!" I didn't listen and now I wish I had.
There is someone living in my aunt's basement and she doesn't even know it.
Confession: i had to kill my son to feed my other children
My Cat Accidentally Became a Government Experiment
Tracy - Part 1 - Introduction
People Are Following Me  The Nomad Chronicles
I'm being followed by a malicious spirit
Dead-vorce
I found a tape of an old police interview.
They think my sister is dead but they’re wrong. She’s in my room and she won’t stop screaming.
somebody spoke to me inside my head
Truth
I am an officer in a town far from society in Argentina (PART 2)
I’m a personal chef..
The woods are a dangerous place
If You've Seen This Face I'm So Sorry
Enjoy Your Tasty, Meaty Vegetables
The scarecrows cry at 4:35
Humanity has always been able to trace it back
My Friend Simon
I'm a Security guard for Disneyworld. I am scared to death.
My name is Moody J
Secret door of the Great pyramid
I'm an aquarium employee, and I've discovered a secret passageway in the dark- one that only appears to me.
The Funhouse Experiment: Part 3
The monster portraying my brother
I'm an Uber Driver in Detroit, and oh boy do I have some stories to tell.
My life is disappearing, please help
I took a babysitting job and deeply regret it. There is something seriously wrong with the kids.
I Was Follo
A night of freight
How should I respond? (part 1)
SOMETHING Is Hiding In My Basement!
I woke up in a pool of my own blood
I woke up after a deep slumber. I checked the time. It had been 7 days. There were three heads of strangers placed on my mantle above the fireplace. There was no one around. Then I heard a scream from the basement.
As I lay here...
An old war story my grandfather told me
Wendigos Horror Story in Hindi Fiest Time
ICE MACHINE DOWNSTAIRS
My body is slowly being replaced with someone else's (part 2)Mr. Lakavote
Dementia
Slice of life
On The Way Home
The red cloaks are in town (part 5 - Final)
Something was Unearthed at the Community Gardens
My grandma is scaring me. Part 3
Captains Log #1 A Documentation of All Creature Sightings
The Book of Autonomancy: FINAL (Part 24)
I know the devil exists - I have a picture of it on an old phone
The Inhabitants Of The Apartment Building
Goodbye Mommy
My Armpits Smell Like Weed
I'm a Contestant on a Survival Game Show, and The Host is Trying to Kill Us
I think my wife is not only gaslighting me but also using me to get back at her parents.
The Faceless Family - P3
The Good Guy
Burning hunger
Creepy Radio Broadcast
The new eraser I got as a birthday gift isn't just a normal eraser
I'm stuck in my apartment with armed guards outside keeping us in, and strange creatures also keeping us in, please help.
These people keep calling me King and I don’t know why! TCA Episode 2 Part 1
My Debt isn’t paid with Coins
I had a very scary dream, but it wasn't a nightmare (pt.2) (the end?)
I Inherited My Grandfather's House and His Nightmare (Part 3)
I think my online friend knows where I live-and wants to kill me
Tables Waited
The Woman Through The Keyhole
The Wishmaker
Am I going insane or is she driving me crazy?Am I going insane? (Part 2)
I Can't Stop Watching
Half Memories, Random Connections? What is it?
scaryest story!1!!11!! (VERY OC I MAD THIS UP ON MY OWN!!1!1!11!)
Lockdown Chapter 3: Under the Boot
Std check
The Voodooman
Dying of Thirst
You Have One (1) New Message - Part 2
aHR0cHM6Ly9wYXN0ZWJpbi5jb20v
My sister's a....witch I guess?
There’s an urban legend in London about a cursed karaoke song … I think it might be real
There should be flairs to show the length of your story
Mouth Holes
frActure_13
This cab ride never should have happened.
The Vigilante and Master Thief vs The World part 1 (Cuba)
When Delilah Came Home
I miss my brother...
If you commute long and far enough, you meet some very odd folks
Its 3 am I am tired
The Killing House
The loneliest road in America doesn't seem so lonely anymore...
On the Other Side
I can't look at a TV anymore (part 1/2)
She is in the bush
I worked in a haunted hospital for 4 months.
The brightest Light in Nowhere (part 1)
My friend is a painter and she finally told me where she gets her inspiration.
Somethings are meant to be unknown
I wish you didn't come back
Grandir avec le paranormal part1
My mom has too many old photos on the wall...
The Farmer and The Nazis
The Slide
Tales From a Small Town: I know the secret of the most feared man in town
My childhood nightmare visited me again last night. This time he was real.
My whole town vanished in one night.
I Live in a House with Four Ghosts and I Think Our New Neighbor is a Demon
My very weird village
My alarm clock system on my phone doesn't like it when I wake up before it goes off
My doorcam rings at night. I must not open the door.
Spyware on iPhone and Creepy Events and Messages from Ex after Three Years Of Not Talking
Nosleep/creepypasta podcasts on Spotify?
I’m an anthropologist. This is an introduction to a thesis I’ve been working on. I’m looking for some proofreading and revision.
The Many Joys of Space Travel
The boy in my closet and guest room
Don't go out of your room at this time or the thing will get you
You Deserve Your CageThe drive home was terrifying and I don't know what to do
Every year for the last 3 centuries our town has been sacrificing its women to protect the world.
Be quiet. Everything you say will be held against you.
Room 667: The Devil Next Door
The weird house
Top broadcast right now
I visited my old childhood tree-house. It wasn’t the way I remembered it.
Floor 12: What Does the Future Hold?
I made friends with monsters
Hachishakusama “Eight Feet Tall”
Measure my insanity
The Twitching.
My Case On A Serial Killer Just Disappeared And Now I've Found An Alien Nest (Part 2)
notHing strange is happEning. all is weLl, i Promise
Last week I went for a hike, It didn't go as planned.
My dad built a robot. He activated the "I'll be your mother" protocol. He didn't anticipate how cruel a machine could be.
The Elevator People
Modification
Melody of the Arcade. (FINAL)
Fancy Words
I'm a hotel manager and something is seriously wrong (part 3)
Every one knows Death is unavoidable bout can you accurately predict your death? this website says you can try it and find out.
Mr. Miller
once i hoped i wouldn't fall asleep, now i wish i don't wake up
Crevices
this world made me delete Minecraft
I have gazed upon the face of god.
NoSleep Interview with EaPAtbp!
The statue at my Church moves
THE GIRL BLED ANTS
Super Powers Are Real
Winston Manor
I inherited a house from my great-uncle, but something doesn't seem right.I Recieved A Box on My Porch Today... (Part 2)
I Accidentally Solved a Murder
I work as a security guard in Area 51 and things are getting scary.
I work alone in a funeral home...
My brothers guest room is weird
Why do people think I’m lesbian
Shadow people
I forced myself to eat cereal with water
So Im a Corrections Officer, this story is 100% true and actually happened. I have seen the real monsters in this world. this is one of many stories. this isnt for the weak hearted or those that get queasy easy.
My little brother thinks Mommy is a Ghoul
It Pulls You Down. Part Two.
As a child psychologist, I've worked with some pretty exceptional patients. Maria was the first.
Something knows what I’ve done wrong, and it’s gonna make me pay...
The figure in your room
We didn't mean for this to happen *Part One*
We killed a demon by talking about foodWhat was in my pool last night?
Can a website predict the time you have left
Don’t play Eviebot
Starling
The Death Mask
The Escape Room
New town, New faces
I Got Lost in the Bush When I was Eight: The Four Horns of Tjanalla
Magnetism
Don't. Turn. Around
I hate my father
Creepy things happen to me
How my mom killed me baby brother
I Work at the Brimstone Tavern
My friends and I came face to face with ourselves, and what I can only assume was death.
I was chosen to be one of the seven, what waits upon us is an invasion of the unknown Part two
I Literally Can't Sleep
I was being watched my whole life 🔶fake story🔶
Have You Ever Encountered a Black Hole?
The Suburbs: No End (final)
Memoirs of a guardian angel: update
Was I haunted, of did I have an imaginary friend? Please help

Bizarro
My Name Is Daniel and I Have a Story to Tell
Linda
The forgotten library part 2
I lived with my father in his lab. It's the first day since I left my flask.
I had a dream and I'm scared to close my eyes.
I just got a new job at a gas station, and the manager left me a list of odd rules.
"I was stalked by versions of the grim reaper"
Where is my order?
There are Sprits in my house...I still feel them here has I am typing this...
I have been living a lie, but I’m not sure which side of myself is the truth.
I found a Secret Tunnel In The Woods
My monstrosity of a face
Hello, my name is James Duolk, I’m going crazy out here... I am the last human on Earth.
Retired with Coffee
Working As A Porter At An Old Chevrolet Dealership
Ghost in the Machine Series part 1
Apparently the pavement can eat people.
Nightwatchers?
The Babydoll Experiment
Abholos-my-ri-ay
I think I might be mostly dead in Savannah, GA?
Dominant Possessor
The Fridge Keeps Making Noises...
Beautiful Blue Eye"Tic, toc. Tic, toc."
My Mother’s Hands
The Devil lives among us. His words made me lose faith in everything
You shouldn’t answer every call you get.
I saved my dog's life last night
It Cries Every Night at 2:47 AM, Pictures Included
Mulberry Street
I Live in a Strange Southern Town (pt.1)
Involuntary Time Travel
Something strange is happening, at a Brickhouse in the middle of Indiana.
This Is What Happened To Me On Vacation
Is cremation a way to destroy evidence?
I saw a shadow walk into my parents room
"Witches In Idyllwild" Part 1
Hell's Dance: The Story of Michael Part 2 *Trigger Warning, Graphic/Disturbing Content*
Just hold Still
The Laughter in the Woods
O P E N Y O U R E Y E S
Think I could my soul by now a few nights back
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Nine)
Diary of a Killer
Real Evil
If you contract a demon to your soul... be careful.(pt.1)
I work at Faewood National High School and they have a set of rules staff have to follow.
My Family has been keeping this Book from me, I now know why.
A destroyed town left over from wild west has a reason for being destroyed part 1
What does the sun feel like?
HEROBRINE!
Why I Fear Thunderstorms
Someone unknown broke into my house last night.
My wife has fallen out of love with me.
Under the floor
Saltwater  - Final
I can't fall in love with anyone. It is a matter of life and death.
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner into this mess, now I’m going to get him out. Part 10
my town has a Ghost rider. I challenged him
My daughter is really bad at games
Whatever You Do, Don't Ever Place Your Bed Next To A Window
If you listen to this song, please ignore it!
We're Trapped In Our House. Something Is In Here With Us. I Think We're In Hell. PART XI
My Family Hates Me
No Thanks to Your Driving
I Received A Letter From Myself &amp; I Don't Know What to Do (Part 1)
You Should Press Play 3
Three years ago I was kidnapped with three others to become a star. I got away, and they didn’t. It's the 3rd anniversary of their rebirth and they have found me.
I’ve never seen anyone else in my office, until today (Part 2)
I work in a museum. There are a few rules that the tour guides have to abide by.
Lights
I love Mondays now
I'm lost in an abondone mine
Fear Is A Funny Thing - Part 4
A man I knew became a part of a cult and I don’t know why.
I Got Plastic Surgery and Now I Have The Face of a Missing Girl
I am a horror narrator and something terrifying is happening
Home department store from hell
Never Trust Those Who Have Golden Eyes
The Video Camera
Silent Night, Lonely Night.
I do not like my Birthday.
You See the Mark. Final Part.
I See A Boy Whenever Somebody Dies- The Second Encounter
I call someone in my sleep
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Where's the rest of Roger?
A Celebration of Life - The Melancholic Death of The Psychotic Dr. Night Train - Part 1
update , this house is fucked.
I Have An Unexplainable Day From My Childhood...
I Started Playing a Game that Takes Me to Another Dimension. The Only Way Out is by Killing Myself - Part One
SuperMarket Memoirs 18: Did You Hear That?
Working at an amusement park: on a mission
Found this from an old website called www.pineforest.com that, unfortunately, seems to have been taken down. I may need to search for more info.
How to Survive Camping: structural incentives and anti-social behavior
From What’s Left
My dog died on September 5th, 2019. I got rabies that same day.
I got a custom shampoo and it's ruining my life.
An Infinite Expanse of Arid White Clay
Don't Listen To Them
Abandoned House Nightmare
Trying to find this story!!! please help!!
T@s1n?
Deal of a Lifetime
Phobia
Child goes missing, later found drowned in a check dam.
I could've been killed
Realizing my childhood home is haunted (maybe)
A Desert Mirage.Always watching me
Lone Oak Academy
The Edge of Nowhere
Jeffrey Dahmer Might Still Be Alive
I See Shadows (Part 1)
Second Part
That Was Last Night
A lake monster taunted me with the faces of my dead friends.
What's the worst late night walk home experience you have had?
My tinnitus has had a long past and it is finally catching up
I used to work in the computer analytics department of the CIA: The true shape of the Earth will horrify you
What went on in Area 51, once ago
Cold Creek Pt 1Cold Creek Pt 1
The Russians Built a Facility in Afghanistan. It Houses a Grim Secret.
The sun is out, But it's dark outside.
The Oneiric Imprisonment
I found a note in my dead brothers closet...
I suffer from face blindness and i think my family has been replaced pt.2
It started simply as an incomplete on my Global Econ course. I’d been to every lecture. (Part 2)
Somethings not right.
My College's Initiation Ceremony
I've forgotten myself Part 1
I work for a lab and found files about how we brought satan to earth
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 10)
I went to a pancake restaurant at 10pm on a weekday
lately ive been having nightmares about a clown from my childhood.
From Supertanker News
Has anyone else seen the waving girl? She’s getting closer. I need answers, I need help! (Part 1)
When the Coffee Man comes
Your friend, Crispin
I used to be a prisoner and one day a riot broke out and no one was helping (Part 1)
The wistleman
There's faint crying coming from apartment 43
The Eyes
"Are You Ready to Go?"
The Shift
I really hate mirrors
Some guy asked me to help him cook last night, and boy do I regret it
The King Has Arrived
I told him not to tell lies.
The surgery didn’t go as planned
I think i need help but i dont know what to do.
The best dreams I have are my worst nightmares
I cannot rest by the shore.
I haven't been feeling myself lately
I never expected this....
My mother was a heartless monster, but sometimes that’s OK
I will forever remember that night.
My Entire Life Was A Lie.
We Were Superheroes (Part 3)
Corpse flowers
Spiced Mead // short gothic story
I Explored An Abandoned Cave As A Kid
Visions
I lost my wife's dog in a worm hole...she's going to kill me when she finds out
It Calls From the Deep
The floor
Let Us In
I Got Something Stuck in My Eye and it Just Said Hello
I'm MK, the one who uses a dark web app to help people die
I honestly don’t know if this sub is full of fake or true stories, but my experience belongs here
Lacey Jane Anderson
He promised he would change.
Someone keeps driving Down my street at 4am looking in people mailboxes I think ?
The wood is hostile and it’s hungry for flesh
Uncle Bob
Every times I punish my son for watching TV or using smartphone too much, a creature appears.
Killing is now normal
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity (Final Part)
The man that follows me while I jog
Something's Controlling Me and My Tendency to Self-Harm
It Wasn’t Supposed To Rain Today
The Savior, Part one
They Called it a Hoax
Strange caller
The worst sin
creepy events that happened to my friends and I that to this day, I cannot explain.
I Discovered a New Species While Backpacking in Utah
I DON’T THINK THIS IS A NORMAL NEW YEARS
A diary of deadly nightmares
I WANT in Berlin
My stalker is standing outside, staring at me, right now (Part 1)
Words are around you...
My wife brought home something in a bag and refuses to show me what’s inside.
The Elevator and its spare ghost (pt 2 of we’re selling our haunted house)
God lives deep in the jungle
Bedridden
Grandpa’s Cabin
Bathroom noises
I was raised a cannibal and didn't know it
Help I'm getting sucked into my bedroom wall
I have a curse that has been passed unto me by a reading a reddit post .
My Left Leg Mysteriously Disappeared
my worst experience real story
Kept me up all night,
Listener Submitted Stories
I just called my brother from downstairs, but I'm not down there pt.2
Hello - I am very new to this and am looking for feedback on how I can improve. Thank you
Lacuna: Part One Chapter 1 First Scene I
Tainted Moonshine
Can Anyone Help Me With My Stalker Problem? This bitch is crazy.
“Tap Tap” TM Order has arrived at its destination
Ratman
Gravedigger
Carpe Noctem (1)
What do you guys think of these scary "Randonautica" Stories ? Could hackers actually get the live locations of people and hunt them down through the app ? IN fact, some teenagers found an actual corpse with the app (proven)
The Roof
My porn addiction has ruined my love of Comic Books.
Forest of Ghosts
Damned part 1
My moving doll.
She always had a tone that made me question her, myself, and even my sanity.
One Dead Pixel
I bought half of a best friends necklace
Local 78.
I've seen things..
Don't go camping along the Mississippi river in Missouri.
The Death Lottery
My phone freaked out
Trash Disposal
The Other End
A little extra money is always nice.
There’s someone living in my power outlet.
Weird Things Happen on Idlewild St
The owls watch, part 2
Its 6:34...
My school is haunted
Trying For Another Baby
My brother was not the same after he got a job...
FEED HIM
Don't Go into The Toilets of Amusement Parks or Funfairs
This is the last one.
I Thought I'd Dreamed up My Great-Uncle's Weird Encyclopedias as a Kid, Until I Ended up Inheriting Them | Part One
There was a creepy fucker standing across the street half an hour ago. He's gone now.
The kids next door are always watching us
Serva me
I Should Have Never Taken A Backroad To Get HomeI've been sent on an expedition to the bottom of the ocean, and they told me I was sick.
I love her, that's why I have to kill him.
Encounters and Oddities of the Deep South: Those that Stalk the Fields.
almost kidnapped
The Other Oldest Son
Neurolink
"I warned you."
The Fobidden Files~ D1/E2
I dropped my daughter off to stay the night with my mom, I’m not sure what I picked up.
Don't rub your eyes
Sunday snakes
My Therapist the Human Trafficker.
Have you heard of the creature in the tunnel?
Side effects of misery.
I pretended to be insane to avoid being conscripted into the Russian Army. After spending two weeks in the asylum, I'm sure I'd be better off in the Army
I found a Furby in a swamp. What it had to say disturbed me. Part 2.
I found something in the woods, and it won't stop following me.
Haunted buildings had the best scrap metal. If you could get to it. (Part 3)
Anyone else
Zombie
The Encounter with the family curse..
Laissez-faire
I don’t like to play hide and seek
Culpability
Why I never sleep
Nothing Left
I watched myself die in the reflection of a puddle. The being that killed him is in my home.
I went into the woods today.
I'm going to where the sky meets the ocean. Also, don't try to pick up fish people at parties.
I am not a killer (part four)
I was sent to a summer camp,or that's what I thought... (PART 3)
By Devil or Man
I found a dangerous treasure.
Desert Dwellers Part 1
There Is A Very Large Spider In My Apartment
My Local Casino is a Real Rip-Off
New Development
I bought a living cube, and now I wish I hadn’t:
Police Interview (Part 1)
Nova Laboratories isn't as it seems.
Why I Fear the Tooth Fairy
I am an coulinary YouTuber and I think Mafia is after me
There is something otherworldly lurking in upstate Florida
I know whats in the Bermuda Triangle, it's horrifying
I Was a PJ, until the plane was ripped apart by the things.
I Was Invited To Appear On A Game Show
It gets closer every time I talk about it - Final Update
Why I moved out...
The CommunicatorWhen God Falls
So, I work the overnight shift in a parking kiosk, and last night I found these pages... And I'm having a hard time not thinking about them.
Rotten
Happened Last Week
I'm sorry
Desperately need help ... There's something sinister in my backyard
I work as an undertaker and burying bodies is the easiest thing I have to do.Dark web Escape room (Part one)
I'm bound to a mountain PT4
My name is Sibella Morgrimme, and the forest speaks to me
Incident Report: The Safe. 16 June, 1993
A horrifying creature comes onto my street. Part 1
My family survived an apocalypse... sort of.
Replica
Death Sent Moths to my aunt's house
I Found Something Strange On My Missing Sisters Phone
Project Olympian
What Lies Within
Forum of the Unfinished Games
I met a traveling salesman selling alternatives to Hell.  FINAL
There's a strange game on Xbox Live. It turned me into a leprechaun.
He's Right, They're Not The Same
Why I believe in ghosts (3 Short Stories)
I will never leave this room.
When I was a kid my father ran into the forest with a crazed expression on his face. He was never seen again.
I’ve been fighting the hunger all my life. I finally lost, and she paid for it. (Part 1)
I may be losing my mind, but I think my neighbour tried to kill me...i can hear everything one year into the future
I can’t leave when there are others outside my door
Quarantine days horrors
I’m a lawyer and my client is the sole witness to a brutal crime. They also happen to be a pathological liar.
The real reason to why the power went out...
Repent, I'm begging you.
An Echo in the Bone
He is dead. But im the victim
The world ended last night and nobody remembers
Cursed By the BEKs
The elf on the self that almost killed me (day 1)
Black Circus Nebukadazzr
this guy i met on omegle won’t leave me alone
I rushed my Shutdown and Cake Day Prep, Now I Regret It
Supahhhh high
I worked at a church camp for a whole summer
I have the same nightmare and I think it’s going to kill me
Testimony of a Holocaust Survivor (Part Two)
hometown (unfinished)
Do Not Follow
Desert Silhouette
My cat would've died if I fell asleep
The Jail Break
Scientist have made a groundbreaking discovery.
This morning I decided to sleep on my wife’s side of the bed. Should’ve never done that.
SPOOKY
Turns out I don't live alone
Remnants of The Past and The Problems That Come With Them: Entry One
Why is dying difficult?
There's something living in my toilet--and it has teeth.
Hold Still, the unskippable ad (pt.2)
Don’t go to the railroad crossing on Peggy road
Wonderland Amusement Park
They Need To Eat
The Manikin. Part One.
When you're alone, and start to hear nothing. Make sure to make noise.
Sambal Belacan
A car crash.
Be careful in cottage country
I can tell you what preys on a fear drenched mind.
The Girl
My journey to "The Deep"
Something just opened my window.
I belong to the river
Close Your eyes and count to 10.
The Neighborhood...
I was abused in a hospital
She dosen't like to be disturbed
Confessions from a Lifetime of Resurrection
I've been hiding in my basement from it and I don't know when it'll leave. Pt.2
The Dreamer
My friend went missing a few months ago. I found something incredibly disturbing in his basement. (Part 1)
Every little noise keeps me awake HELPME
Fighting against the wicked (PART 4)
My mother poisoned my grandfather;
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town. Part Two.
Floors
I'm a blind girl and I just bought a new apartment
I thought her words were just her tics. They were a warning Part 1.
i went into the woods for a search and rescue. what i found was not human (part 4)
An avid reader's nightmare
The Meticulous Documentation of the Peculiar Goings-On of My Strange Neighbor Across the Street
The Debrief
Trapped
My friend told me not to look out any windows until 6 PM. I did. (Part 2)
I Looked Up My Family Tree. We're Cursed
The creepy box in my backyard.
there is nothing.
I Just Witnessed The End Of The World, Do Not Believe What The Goverment Tells You
Over The River And Through The Woods
A regretful 911 call.
This Will Terrify You
It is always a Usual Day
wine bottles and footsteps
The demon that likes to help
If someone you know seems taller than they were before: STAY AWAY!
Jeff Bezos came to my house
The Tragic Death of Sister Agnes
Meg's Tale (kinda nsfw) part 1
Is this idea stupid??
Self Inflicted
I'm Babysitting Black-Eyed Children (Part 2)
I got a call in the middle of the night
We're trapped in a school with no memories, and the ghosts say the only way out is through the library: Part 2
Mount Drafter School (part 1)
Christmas won't come!
I track down killers on the internet, but now I think I'm the one being hunted.
The darkness part:2. Train yard.
Don’t preach to me (trigger warning)
They Lick Our Skulls Clean
My name is Adam--I'm a pianist for a Luciferian Church and I performed at a Black Mass
I work as a police officer, I just read the most terrifying report of my career
Chat Log
I've lived with my parents in an RV for 18 years. The things we've done are not in any travel book.
I wish I never left
The Raven Mocker
Getting Home
My Father Was An Air Force Pilot. He Saw Something Terrifying Near Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Den of the mother
Hiking trail
No one in my family has lived past the age 29...and now I know why. (Part Two)
Something other than Voudou, pt. 2
The Boy in the Tree
I work for The Corporation. (Part 2)
I Kill Monsters for an Interdimensional Government. Here are some Stories. (Part 1)
The Thing on the Moon
who has true stories?
Or so the rumour goes...The Lake is Quiet Tonight
I saw someone, or something, in the woods
My Grandpa was a tanker in WW2 I read some of his journal last night
I just found out what's been happening to people's hair in my town.
I Was Dared to Spend a night in a Cabin Deep Within the woods, What i saw There Scarred me for the Rest of my life
I witnessed my parents' murders so I became a serial killer. {Part 2}
The Plagiarist
The results from my DNA Genealogy Test shattered everything I thought I knew about my life.
I want to end it
Killer on the train
Shaken baby syndrome
Home is where the heart is
White lies
The Croocked forest
My Brother Charlie
Curious (random) Question
information in a flash
The tailypo
Strange texts on my phone
I Offered a Homeless Man Coffee, but He Asked Me Why
Mr. Longnose wants to play hide-and-seek.
Những mẫu thiết kế rèm cuốn phòng thờ sang trọng năm 2020
Barry And I Should've Kept Using It (Part 2)
I Think There’s an Amusement Park in My Cellar
I can't stop thinking about what happened at 4:27 AM.
I Need Advice And My Brothers Won't Talk To Me Part 2
My grandpa, a retired homicide detective, told me about one last case before he passed
Am I going insane?
The school has made some wierd rules (First Time Story)
A Clean House
I drove past a bloody hitchhiker, and now I'm the one standing there.
The Model Room ( Part 1 )
Weeping
The Battlefield Catacombs, Part l, The Discovery
What my friend and I did over the summer
Buried
DEAD TOWN PT. 1
The hospital told us donating our bodies would save the world. Part 1
I really hate shower curtains
My last time playing an online video game  FINALE
Amber Alert (Minipasta)
Eulogy
This witch is fucking up my life and I don’t know what to do
My Scariest World War II Experience Happened Off The Battlefield
Happy Birthday, Kasey.
Last night at Mallorca
The third drink is always for god
3:56 And one huge explosion
After Hours Vet Receptionist: Out of breath, out of shape, and out of mind
I took a job as Doctor Wong’s assistant and he had 6 weird rules (Part 2)
My dead girlfriend won't leave me alone.
County Road 14
An old guy hired me to manage his life-sized dollhouse. Out of darkness, light.
Why I never stay in the woods after dark anymore
What was it?!
A story passed down for centuries.
You don't have to go on tv to play the dating game. Just follow these rules for dating my daughter
Ralph
I was working on a project at work and I made a breakthrough. I think I doomed the world.
Eyes will lock.
Last night a bug went inside my right ear
I just opened a letter from WW1 that addressed me BY NAME
Your a pussy
The real Boogie man (part one)
My child's delivery didn't exactly go as we had hoped.
Until my time to go
the cloth pull man can heal many things
Were a good strong community here in garrisonsville!!
A Light in Dark Places
Bourbon Clovers
My gums have been itching...
my cat death stares me
My Father, The Immortal
There's a mist in my town that turns people into monsters.
What Comes After Death
I created a pill that makes you immortal. The side effects are terrifying.
The Beginning: Rouge therapist. Patient- Violet Caster.
All about Jamie; a confession.
My Dog’s Secret (Part 1)
Are fortunes real? Because this one is ruining my life
I get abducted by aliens EVERY NIGHT! 👽
My light won't stop flickering...
The cornfields seem to hide something from the public.
Criatura Acosa Ami Gato
I've Been in this Class for Three Days Now (Part 1)
The duck
I was all alone on an isolated stretch of highway—except for the truck behind me.
A Night at the Grey Forest Cafe
Every night, they take my organs
There's a woman outside of my window
I can't Sleep
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. Sometimes, it’s the little things.
Never follow what path your heart tries to take you..
Curly, please come back.
CHANNEL 58, ILLUMINATI, I'M GONNA DIE.
I think that there might be something going on in the laboratory where I started my Ph.D.
RUSSIAN SOAP OPERA
It's true story! I really need help! The creature from another world is trying to kill me!
My Daughter Keeps Looking At Something I Can’t See
The Library Part 1 - The Entrance
Can anyone see this? (Update)
The warning man
Hello
Have you seen something called "The Decision Show"?
My daughter is possessed
Things Like This Don't Happen Here
The thing inside you
The woods speak, but have no name
Miss nightmare
I was a Russian P.O.W. in the great patriotic war, and I know something that they don't teach you in history books
New house, New life..
My Yokai Wife's Annoying Ex-Boyfriend is Trying to Kill Me (Part 10)
The Museum of Lost Things: A Letter
Can you play red door, yellow door by yourself?
The Meat Man
I responded to an online classified ad. What I got was a lot more than I bargained for.
The demon behind the tree...
Addicted to her memories.
The Rules Couldn’t Save Me
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 3
Too late...
The Whiteboard in the Empty Cubicle
We saw something while lost in the Georgia Blue Ridge Mountains
Bonfire Shooting
How I Got A Bullet In The Mail (Part 3)
I'm assigned to creating nightmares, most nights I dispelled terror, I recently quit my job and I'm never going back | Part 1
The man in my basement takes one step closer every week.
I am not normal...(Creepy-Pasta
I think my friend is going to kill a lot of people, here's my proof
I'm pretty sure that I pissed of some sort of witch and now my life is turning into a horror movie. Please help !
Lovers of the woods
In my childhood ghost related stuff happened.
I found my child in a grocery store.
I've Been Stuck In An Alternate Dimension Mansion For Weeks.
The house at the end of my street was demolished because of the disappearances. But I can still see it.
When God Blinks
A story from the city
Patient 194
Necro
I don't belong here
My Twin
I am an amazon delivery driver and I keep having to deliver parcels to creatures living inside my flat
The Butternut Bakery Does Not Serve Human Flesh
Why I Stopped Traveling the deep web
You Have Arrived at Your Destination
I'm a Philly Cop and my friend killed a house Part 4 - Tartarus
Attached
Kritovulos Kimdir ? Hakkında Bilgi
Strozzapreti: Part 1
No people were harmed in the making of this film.
A Teen Appeared in my Home
i regret taking quick power naps during the night shifts
A Knock at the Door
The mysterious job that came with a heavy price
Witches, Zombies and Mummies
Miss Mittens
I was attacked in the parking lot after work, and my attacker left me a gift I couldn't comprehend
My wife gives the best head
What the fuck (i guess this should belong here)
My client is acting different and won’t say a word
To Prevent It.
I Died in 1942 in WW2 But Now I Find Myself In the Body Of A Little Girl And Now I'm Loosing All My Old Memories.
They said I have schizophrenia
“Welcome to-“
Playing with demons and their consequences
There is a real life counterpart to the SCP Foundation, and there is a containment breach.
Something is wrong with the wolves in Montana
Trash Golem or How Decaf Saved My Life
Paralyzed
My wife calls me "Honey"
I think my boyfriend’s sadism is rubbing off on me
Notice to Residents of Cozy Shores Regarding the tune "Baby Shark":
My Wife Isn't Feeling Well This Long Weekend - Part 1
The Seven
At The Edges of The Dead Mountain
I Don't Belong Here.
The intruder
Looking for Creepy Plastic Ken Doll Story
My Friend's Stalker
WALMART OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE GONE CREEPY! {NOT CLICKBAIT}
My nightmare
Every now and then I feel like I’m being watched.
The sound of the violin
I just feel like ending my life
Don't Take the Long Way
Hear the Drummers
I've ruined so many lives
I Can't Sleep Because Of The Screams
hello i am a researcher of paranormal phenomena i would need you to help me identify the hidden image in the video the youtube link of the video is in the description
One of history's most famous relics is actually a warning, but will that really change our actions?
Something weird happing in my town
What if: Mirrors and The Dark
The Boy with the Blue Eyes
Leaving my caravan during a desert apocalypse was the worst idea ever.
I used to be a PMC Operator... My last mission forced me to resign.
My sister and I are staying at my uncle's lake house. She found a treasure map that's leading us to something sickening - Part 7
Are r/nosleep stories real?
I'm a shy rich girl,educated,loved by parents,but still attract and'' date'' cheap and abusive guys who take me for granted.It's a real lifetime horror story.
This story isn't paranormal.
The Half Priced Voodoo Store is Reopening (Part 6)
This TikTok page I found...
After seeing my father, I don't want to meet him anymore
I rented the apartment of the Johnson Murder-Suicide
It's Hell On Earth (btw it's a dream so it's not real but it terrified me)
The Troxler Experiment (Part 1)
"I'm Sorry"
Mars didn’t use to be the fourth planet on the Solar System. Does anyone remember Orcus?
I died and saw what hell was really like
My Grandfather Taught Me, "Evil Will Consume Evil"
Stay away from the participants in revival Group N
All men want is sex. :-/
Remnants of The Past and The Problems That Come With Them: Entry One Revised
Things to do when your Bored stupid....
The People In My Town Are Being Replaced With Something Else
I'm alive post removed. Find me post removed. Erase me from yourself.
Jays bar (part 2)
Crossing the First Threshold or "How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Zip"
A Canadian Tale
I got my eyes back at a farmers market
The Praying Fungus
I got a new job at a museum. I found a terrifying list of rules (part 1)
Memoirs From a Nursing Home
Lycoside
There's an Ocean In the Arizona Desert
Memoirs of a small town deputy
What I found inside a truck was truly terrifying
One Firm Piece
My buddies and I restored an abandoned community pool. Now apparently it's the year 2020.
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. Our meeting with Nolan was a wild emotional ride and WE MADE IT OUT, BITCH aka The Middle of the End
Losing my Step-Son to his Father
I think somebody is in my house.
Last door on the right
The time I meet a Nazi Werewolf
Am I a target for a gang member??
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. Part 4
The delay on my TV is starting to worry me… Pt2
I got called in for a strange animal control job, and it may be up to me to prevent a huge catastrophe... UPDATE
I taught my dog to speak, and I don't think the dark stranger appreciates it.
We found it, but something is very wrong.
Dodpd
The sound followed us trough the woods.
the 13 rules i dont waver from
Sky Turtle Tours ch2
I don't know if this is welcome here since this is a true story but this does keep me up
Annabelle HORROR STORY
Why I don’t pray for my sister anymore
My auntie lives in a well (Part 2)
I Know A Lot Of Things. I Know How You’re Going To Die.
Necklace Of Teeth (Part 2)
All of Them Witches: The Maker of Birds (Part One)
The Voice Mimic
SuperMarket Memoirs 4: Slippery When Wet
Stories from my Grandparents House by
When it comes
The Community Part 2
My chocolate factory experience: the beginning
THE SAVIOUR. PART ONE
I knew an ex christian who predicted the deaths of seven people. The source of his knowledge was absolutely terrible.
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise The Final Part
Every morning, I wake up holding a knife
01/09/2020 - Journal
Now you can buy any game you WANT FOR THE CHEAPEST PRICES
Looking for people interested in sharing their story for horror webcomic
The story of the hidden reactor (part 1)
I Went To See A Psychic Medium And Now I Wish I Didn't
The Man In the Window
I'd been a cynic
I going to get eaten.
The forest is alive, and she spoke to me last night.
My last day delivering mail on Route 42
My Mother's Eyes
A Matter of Faith
someone left a note on my car
The mirror.
The Depressing Life of a Dog called Boston
An influencer came into my coffee shop, she paid me in exposure.
April, April
PodcastThe stairs in the woods
Do Not Fall Asleep
always check your surroundings !
The Night Bees
SHC Case Log, April, ******* State Police
It Isn't What It Seems (part 1)
I never thought I'd feel bad for a kangaroo
Dingoes ate my baby!
I fell in love with my colleague, then I realized he killed my brother
My bestfriend boarded a plane 2 days ago, he hasn't landed yet, and there is something terribly wrong.
Floor 15: The Watching Walls (r/hotelnondormiunt Spring Creeping)
I think i’m in another dimension and I NEED TO GET OUT !!!!!
The Dark Harvest
My co-worker told me I'd burn from the inside if I drank it, I should have listened.
My Uncle Married his Imaginary Friend
Wide Awake
What’s going on
The Monster Above My Bed
The Rails
Stay Away From the Blue Ridge Parkway
dont look at me
We found a statue of a woman down by the river
The Baby's Stepfather
I saw something at a crime scene once
I’m Never Substitute Teaching at Shadow Grove Elementary Again
I definitely enjoy and respect your stories and experience, I respect your sacrifice. Thank you. I do have a question? with your experience i find it difficult to comprehend how you chose to ignore the most intriguing info that you received when it seemed too consistent to just not demand more info
To my Big Brother
An Univited Guest Came On My Field Trip...  Bus Ride
What Happened at Guard Tower No. 4
I went to spread my wife's ashes in the woods, but that's not why she wanted me there
Looking to narrate works from r/nosleep
HE comes once a year (2nd year)
There's Something Wrong at Grimbald Housethe last photo....
Pandemic Pete - The Infamous Quarantine Serial Killer
THE FOLLOWING IS THE TRANSCRIPTION FROM SUBJECT M-120U ANNE BREIGHTON
This drug made me feel really funny...
The Musical Shower Game
The new neighbor down the hall
The Ghost of Absolom Lane
The Wishper...
Chronic ScreamThey Won't Stop Dying
I might be meeting the Devil
I keep leaving messages on my dead boyfriend's voicemail, then it called back (Part 9) Final
My brother's imaginary friend.
Strange sounds or voices coming from outside
The village in Hungary
Running
My Dad used to work as a cop. This is the worst thing he ever experienced on the job...
THE MIDNIGHT MAN
Mountain Lion
Grasp
Who Was John Rigby? - Pound of Flesh (Pt. 2)
A new monster has been spotted in my town. This one is one of the worst.
20,000 memories under the red sea
I stalk my neighbor and tonight their child was kidnapped.
Every Night I Hear it Coming Up the Stairs
I think Slenderman is real
I am a singer for my band. I had a concert a month ago where the entire audience disappeared.
Grandpa and the Teddy Bear.
The World Ended
I'm working for Disney, one of my co-workers committed suicide
The perfect plan
My Reoccurring Nightmares has led me to an Evil Toilet
The BNB didn’t like me
The dream I had at night made my blood run cold
Another deep web story...
Demonic Experience at Camp
Strange memories from another world
There is a cloud raining jelly beans in the backyard
Night fishing
My sleep demon returned but he's not the same.
There is something strange about my cousin Royce (part two)
I scheduled a trip to Sebastian Inlet, Florida with my wife. This is a warning...
The Community Woodland
True; I just got a call from myself.
Just a thought
I Love My Mommy
The Smiley Game
I am the framer of cursed images. (part 6)
Chickens will eat anything.
I work at a very abnormal cafe pt3
As I Lay Part II
the things that happens on a yacht party at sea
I've discovered the entrance to the Underworld. What I saw there changed me forever.
I thought the crying girl was just a statue...
The Porcine Horror (First Half)
I hate closed showers
A Soldier's Story: A Curious Case from the Yugoslav Wars
I Was Fed to Something in a Pit
reawaken
Never go Urban exploring
My brother thinks my dead mother is still living with us
Strange experiences from childhood.
Smiley face
The Nostalgia Man
Mr. Bozo
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Lelili Women Colorful Cute Animal Zipper Mini Handbags Crossbody Bags Shoulder Bags Clutch Bag
Warning: You are most likely surrounded by demons.
me and my brother were at my sister's apartment and something is wrong
I see green
What Happened at Guard Tower No. 4 (Part 1)
My college sorority is different. – Tough love
There are Forbidden places in the woods
Clock Strikes Twelve
Just found the strangest thing in my Grandpa's asshole.
They Come in the Night
I got a mail and now I am against The Guardian and Its Army...(Part 1)
Porn just illustrated love triangle in a way I just “got”
My parents told me...
I joined a support group that promised to "cure" me of my phobia. It's my turn to share.
I Was Arrested Because I Set Fire To My Haunted House
So now he's eaten a cow
I Had a Very Strange Dream
My Father left a box of VHS tapes when he died. They showed the end of parallel earths, and ours is next. (FINAL PART)
Boat Ride
I’ve been having a horrifying nightmare
Thumps on the Roof (Creepypasta)
It Comes Once A Year
What is the most creepiest, most unsettling thing that has ever happened to you?
A kid who killed his parents at a young age has escaped quarantine
He was never real
case 1480
Judge, jury, and prosecutor
The monster in the Harper Elementary bathroom
The Quest For Meaning
A Spirit Watching My Mom
Crying lady
Bring more marshmallows than you are eating to satisfy it
Knock. Knock. Knock.
I'm an NPC in a video game. Today, I met a player unlike any other. Someone has to stop him.
A werewolf story. Idk what to call it.
Probably a really dumb question but
This happened to me right now and I have my whole body petrified on fear.
This thing isn't just a dream anymore
The Death of Light
The Defectors
Do Not Kill Your Imaginary Friends
March 2020 Winners!
This Black Friday, don’t go shopping at East Woods Mall
The Dauber and the Door
A trip that lasted a lifetime.
You Taught Me What Love Is. I Hope You Forgive Me.
Don't Open Your Eyes
Creepy man
I got raped in Roblox
SWEAT
One Hell of a drug
Eboys React To Beruit Explosion
I took an internship as a night shift assistant, I did not sign up for this.
Prophane
Megan Notory
I'm gonna kill myself
Somebody is inside my house.
Dont know if this counts as creepy but something was watching us
I fell out of a roller coaster - I’ve no idea where the hell I am ... Part 3
Document Found In An Empty Cabin (Part 5)
Scratching coming from the attic
I'm an Urban Explorer. Here is my story (pt2.)
Automated Packaging Machines by Accutek Packaging Equipment - 10 Oct 2019
I never thought it would be like this....
I Can’t Hear Them Anymore
I know what you did
My friend got into a crash and some weird stuff happend
I know why schools are creepy at night.
This community is bullshit
I am paranoid by Avery Ryan
Lol
Disconnect
A photograph from my laptops webcam of me laying in bed using my computer was slipped under my door tonight
My sister was kidnapped
The perfect daughter
a game titled Paralysis.dod was responsible for the disappearance of my friend
I Work In An Underground Prison : Part 1
Bad weed trip
The Death Ship, Mary Elizabeth
Stay away from the suburbs in Michigan (Part 6)
If you're ever at the Covenwood Hotel, don't stay in Room 371.
True creepy tall man horror story part 1
Where is Grandpa?
The man with the big eyes
I fell down a bottomless pit, but that wasn't the worst part
Santa is real, and I will have to do more than set out milk and cookies for him this year.I’m trapped in a nightmare that repeats every time I die and I can’t wake up.
The Urge: a fictional modern story series, PART 1
I once visited hell
The Lady Of The Water
We found a half-submerged animatronic, dumped in a local pond. My friend thinks it’s alive.
Just a note
The Bunker (pt. 3)
Pete the Moonshiner
Another World
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening (Part 5)
Dark Insomnia
I think my friend was cloned
I Never Used To Work Out In The Morning
I just want to make you happy. But women around me keep dying. (Part 8)
Red Joker
Use randonautica with caution please
I used to be an investigator before being assigned the case of the “Winter Slaughters.”
I never tought i would be writing this
My son isn't sleeping well, i now know why.
My Mom Has Been Gone For 4 Days
Did you ever see a girl / woman with short hair in your dream? (for men)
After I saw them, I couldn’t sleep the same again
The Uncanny Canopy
My town is a little strange (part 9)
I Saw A Disturbing Ad On YouTube....Now Everyone I See Commits Suicide
Gemini Home Entertainment is REAL!
The Tempus
My wife is scaring me while she's asleep, I think I'm in trouble
I interfered with a demon
I got a job as a security guard at a remote shopping mall. I can't keep up with these rules (Part 3)
I think she's following me,... (Part 1)
Buy Twitter Followers - High Quality Real Active Cheap Price
Oxygen Levels: Critical
Son of Agamemnon (Riddle Two) You have 48 hours.
There’s something wrong with my daughter
I visited my stepmom after our affair. My father let me in on the family secret.
I thought my roommate was puking...
Don't Look At Me (Part I)
I WENT TO MY FAMILY MAUSULEUM, I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
I Need Help With My Cat, The Ghost
Joshua’s Dairy
My Little Town Opened a Time Capsule. It Should Have Stayed Buried.
My Brother saw Something in my Aunts Kitchen
Something inside me has always been there. And now it's awake.
PSYCHO
My Son’s Wedding
My girlfriend and I went to visit this place called "Death Manor." We want to be the first people to make it out of there alive. Part 4.
My Body Is Not My Own | One
The Black Silo Part 3
There is nothing more devastating than the loss of a pet...Except for them coming back
Animal crossing dog ruined my life
I got in the shower, and I think I came out in a different dimension.
I am not alone when playing in VR (Part one)
Since the first time I died, I've fallen in love with the angel of death (Part 11)
Calls of the Castle (part 6)
There was an accident on 287 today, I'm afraid of what the crazy bastard responsible unleashed
The dreams. Trigger warning, NSFW.
My Grandma worked for NASA. There are monsters on the moon. (Part Two)
Help, please, I'm scared
The apocalypse began and I slept through it - Part 2
I went on a trip to Troller's Gill UK.. I didn't find what i expected....
who first asked god
I stumbled upon a town that's stuck in the 1940s. Trust me, you don't want to win the Zoo Game.
I can't explain it
Desperate Times - Maybe i'm just losing my mind
Never had a problem with Logitech before but my webcam set to motion detection keeps recording randomly when nothing is moving.
I was born deaf, but had my hearing restored. I’m now hearing things I’m not supposed to.
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (part five)
My Father Went on the Radio and Gave Machete Wielding Killers our Home Address
I regret not taking the boy's warning
I traveled back in time to a decade that doesn't exist. Transportation is illegal except for the rich.
Closure to a Legend We Never Knew The Meaning Of
They're supplying twenty 5 thousand dollars for my head.
I was Invited into the Darkness
Hang On
Men In Suits Were Following My Brother Before He Died. Now I See Them, Pictures Included
Craving for more..
The Chase.
Mess with my pens, I will find you.
Tears and smiles realizing I'm dying a painful death.
I work for NASA and here's how the Soviets made first contact
I was driving home in the hills late one night when something terrible happened...
I thought my workplace was just a regular, every day, 9-5 office. I couldn’t have been more wrong.
So glad I found this community! I've been having trouble sleeping for a while now and I'd like to know how to easily fall asleep again thanks :)
Foxes in the henhouse part 3
God is alive, and we're all in danger (Email 1)
I Never Wake Up In The Same Place Twice.
My Girlfriend, Mary... I dont know how to help her.
A cold day at the hole in the wall strip club. (Part 1)
Living Nightmare
evil spirit
It’s easy to start, but never easy to stop.
I Remember, Mom.
The incident
Kill me
I met a man who looks just like me. Today, I decided to kill him. It Gets Weirder (Part 10)
I TRIED A GAME FROM R/NOSLEEP
My Bad Neighbor
Baba: Part 2
Three brothers fewer
I just met the lone survivor of a village that disappeared 200 years ago.... Locked in a desperate battle for survival.
My friend texted me asking to meet up, she died four years ago.
Jumping At (More Than Just) Shadows
I hate my brother and I've decided to have him killed.
We should all look at it in different ways.
I’m in the Navy, sailors are suddenly going missing on base, and my command is covering it up
“Wanted: Assistant Manager for the Ophelia Family’s Traveling Circus”
Why I Got Fired From The Crossroads Kitchen
I was recruited by the UK branch of the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline
What we buried out there in the desert
I think the devil's growing inside me and is about to tear itself out of my body. I have fingernails growing out of my scalp ... and there are still teeth in my hand and hairs in my gum hole. (PART 4)
A leap of faith PART FOUR (4)
For Sale
My grandmother accidentally baptized my younger brother to get him to stop lying. It did much more than that.
I was dropped off in the woods for three days. Something inhuman followed me out.
Do not party with warlocks, especially if you don’t have health insurance
11. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now He’s… Changing.
Rosewood Pt. 6, The Office
I went to bed a Nazi, I woke up, a Jew.
Break Bad Habits
Christmas with the In-Laws and the Thing Stalking Us.
STORY FROM A FRIEND ALMOST DYING FROM INBREDS
Last night my dog went to sleep on me
Im possessed by a demon, and it's not that bad actually.
I summoned a goddess and it didn't go how I thought it would
Bloody Holly
This is an ad for my abandoned little town
Someone was watching me
The Tome: A hunger for your storySewed Eyes
the worst high turnover of staff I had ever seen
I Brought My Wife Back From The Dead. I’m Starting To Think That Was A Mistake.
Throw it Away
I'm hiding in one of the closets in my school. Everyone is about to die.
Only Those Who Die Can See Death.
I saw it
The mirror moves when I don’t.
I worked for the crisis cleaners in my area, and last year, I saw something horrifying
WTF IS WRONG WITH MY SCHOOL??
We received replies from not one, but possibly many alien groups today.
Hunger, part 2.
I used to love space but now I hate it
My Perfect Family
Yakojosti Syndrome
The real monster
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
My grandmother warned me about painting my nails red. I didn’t listen and now I have to pay the price. Final.
Reading my father's journals led to my dreams becoming a nightmare hellscape (Part 4)
The man who lives under the ground
Hell is real.
The horde
A note to whoever wants to read it
Forever Followed By Monsters part 3
Calls of the Castle (part 7) re-post
Chosenwords
i accident pushed her off the bridge, but i ended up feeling her pain
It's About Time
I've lived with my Brother for years, and he hasn't said one word to me
I feel everything
Recently all of the kids in my town started disappearing. On the day my daughter turned 12, I found out why.
What’s wrong with grandma?
I found a phone on a beach with an audio diary.
There's some weird noises outside the tent.
Christmas Lights
The authors rendition of a classic tale of dealing with a demon "The deal"
Diving
When we found the creature, we thought it was an angel. We were just kids, ignorant of life's horrors. But now that twisted thing is free, and there's nothing we can do to stop it.
I used to work for dangerous people, and now they are after me (pt. 1)
The cubicles in my office are on a loop and something is wrong with my coworkers. I can't get out.
I used to work for a charity in the Philippines. I never want to help people again.
I have met god, and he is not proud of his creation.
A Small Town
I heard a very weird noise under my window and im so scared now
My wife asked me to do the impossible, and I'm afraid it might just be the end of us.
I’m an actor in REDACTED and my castmates have been turned into REDACTED.
Ten years ago I killed myself. The Devil gave me a second chance at life. (Part 2)
DO NOT BE CURIOUS WITH AN ANCIENT TEMPLE IN THAILAND (PART 2)
'This is pain'
I work at a Patent Office that can't be acknowledged aloud. Let me tell you about my day.
I should of listened to my grandparents
The Elf on the Shelf
I needed to make a post so i could join nosleep
Scary
my break times choose where and when I get to have a break at work
There’s something weird happening in my town
She won’t leave me alone
Someone keeps making snowmen around my house in the middle of the night.
There's definitely something wrong at work...I'm starting to lose time now
Why I killed your Mother.
The Night Stalker
The people next door
The link between minds

I had a dream and I'm scared to sleep
I need to stop driving at 4:30 am in atlanta
I found some journals and the contents are worrisome.
Stop trying to find a solution to the Chicken or the Egg Paradox. It only leads to trouble.
Don't Come to Coastal Virginia
Smile it’s fun
The Corned Beef at Honey's Deli is To Die For
When Babysitting Gets Strange
I've waited 31 days, as is proper.
The Records of Sam Parks - The Family Business
The Dark Web is not what you think it is.
I had a night terror 3 days ago and it shows no signs of stopping.
My personal experience with spiritual world
There's something in my house, and its messing with us.
I live in a house with three dogs
I've become an unwilling member of the wild hunt, today I was given my first task
Something is wrong with my nephew. He doesn't breath but he's alive. He was born last month but is the size of a 5-year-old. I don't know if he is human...
The Fear
Something Strange is going on at Yellowstone National Park
So I've been having the same feeling of Deja vu for the past week now...
I am forced to gamble my life, but it's not what you think.
I think the scariest thing of my life just happened
Woody *toy story* (Chapter 1)
Knocked out in the woods
This email was sent to me.. so I posted it here
Pet Store, but not only for pets (part 4)
They appeared on my doorstep.
My brother saved my life, and now I must protect him. (Part 1)
Stones left unturned
Do not look at the closet from 12 to 3 am.
This is the last time I'm going to write this!
Pharmatex
A long days work
What I owe Death
X-Ray Glasses
My name is Jeremy Eastside - something weird is going on.
A surprise Birthday party is just a click away
The Mandela Effect (Part 0 – The Reporter)
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 3: Tubes Demonstration 1
I am Frankie. And you are in danger.
It's always there
There's a recipe for happiness
I fell in love with the wrong woman.
My past keeps changing and I can't do anything about it.
Should I go to the police with this?
She Lived In The Tree - Part Two
We found a transcript of a Viking raid, but something is very, very wrong with it. (Part 1)
Our angel was never an angel
THEY’RE NOT HERE FOR ME
My Boss’s Latest MLM Really Changed Me
Why I'm afraid of the dark.
A Deadly Recollection. myfirstpostenjoy
SEX! SEX! SEX!
Donor of my cornea transplant might not have been human
In the span of 20 years, I died twice.
My house is the burial site of a serial killer
Looking for someone to help me figure out what's going on with my friend
My wife had a miscarriage. I am still haunted.
My time working at wallmart
A dark cosmic god taught me to love life
I'm done, no fun
the last departure, i asked my boss what the worst thing was that ever happened on a trip
They call them the Little People
I had a dream of Freddy Kruger &amp; woke up with 3 scratches on my back
Need help finding a story.
where have they gone?
My name is Christine and I have a face.
What's going on?

Something's In The Water
Something Stinks about the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline restrooms
My evil grandmother is ruining my relationship
My college sorority is different. – This is goodbye
They Call Me The Reaper Chapter 2: The Ultimate Evil
I found something weird on Gmail
They came from the woods
Help guys, seriously, I only have ONE DAY left
Roller Skating Hell
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 7
My boss called me in... but something else happened
Synapse XT was developed to create a healthy climate and environment for the brain. The brain needs certain nutrients to promote the healthy reception of neurotransmitters throughout the day, and many of these ingredients eliminate toxins that can cause new damage.
No matter how curious you are, NEVER play waltz of the dead.
There's Something About the Old Lady Upstairs...I Don't Think She's Human....
A Dogsitter’s Nightmare
My encounters
Strange Telephone Call
Something strange is happening at the hospital I work at. Part three.
I got caught smoking last night..
Did you get the alert?I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Six (A)
I installed a police scanner then it attacked
I Was Listening to the Nosleep Podcast and Heard Something Strange...The Night Owl's lullaby
Mother's Love
One mans trash
That damn buzzing sound
The Twilight Zone After Midnight
We got in, but now something is outside.
Always avoid the number three.
“What do dreams mean &amp; do some have a meaning of sorts to them?”
The Hum in the Blizzard
Whatever The Sea Takes, It Always Gives Back
The Boy and the Moon and Other Bedtime Stories
Drunk Driving and The Mourning After
She's Back - Part One
I Inherited My Father’s “Snuff” Box.
First story, no judgement...
The Cat in the Hat is attached to me...
Calling all night owls who depend on coffee pods for their santity
The black room
Physics.
Something Strange Happened on the Subway
Get the solution
My dog died last week. But the knocking didn’t stop
I Changed My Husband... And I think I Am Changing Now Too
My Pet is a Demon Dog Named Puff (Part 1)
I will never take it off.
Every Year on May 24th, I Have to Survive a Little Girl that tries to kill me in my Mansion: Part 2 of 2 (FINALE)
A regular family vacation.
My college campus just turned into a zombie infested freak show
The things in the giant bear costumes won't stop handing out popcorn
The Secret of the Hawthorne House
"I Saw The Devil's Face In The Oven"
Late Night Hike Spooks
Please, just stop. Demons.
My Life is a Paranormal hot spot (pt 2)
We discovered immortality...
My sister joined a new ballet school, and she hasn’t stopped dancing since.
Toby Did
I am a Sleep Phantom
Library of the Reborn
Something is Haunting my PC
Need to name my baby
Part 2. The scroll of Longinus: The Professors view on the scrolls authenticity has me very troubled
There’s Another House Beneath Our Basement
I unknowingly witnessed a cult murdering a former member on those weird webcam hacks.Soo I'm not crazy :) !!!!
My best friend impregnated me inside an endless void. PART 1/2
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Six
I’m not sure if you are supposed to write real stories but this is a real story
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Part 2
My name
I Got Eye Surgery, and Now I Can't Stop Seeing Ghosts
Apartment 505
I think Reddit is some sort of "portal" that connects my dimension to yours.
The Dark Between.
Cheesy's World  (FINAL)
Subject 052 - Codename: Cuttlefish - Full Report
The story of how I'm actually a shit fly in another matrix
I Hunt -Data Missing-
I was a sommelier...
My Mom's Generation Doesn't Have to Understand My Divorce
I just inherited a haunted house, then I gave it away
My Sister was an ISIS Bride (Part 7)
Tips for finding the perfect man!
My dumb roommate keeps waking me up with his anime shit!
I am a Memory-Placer. I have taken countless souls in my career, but there's one soul I always think about. I'm not sure why.
I'm the last person living in my dorm, but I don't think I'm alone
I served in special operations units for 13 years, I’ll tell you about the worst night.
The telsa model 3 I bought for 1,500 dollars.
This is my notice. I suggest you take heed. (Part One)
The front desk clerk at Emeldahm Inn isn’t human.
God's Plan
The eyes
The Dean Family have a curse upon them, and only I know why
I got an implant to help me with my social anxiety. I think it’s trying to control me.
The Pit (part 4)
Weird noises during an episode of our podcast
I ordered Nicolas Comics. I shouldn't have!
I love my boyfriend, but if he doesn't cheat on me something terrible happens.
Drums in the hills
any one want to hear a story?
I may be possessed
Gate-crashing an underwear model’s funeral might not have been a bad idea, but I really shouldn't have stolen his Rolex.
Sirius
I was lost in a German forest. I'm home now.
The Underside: The Truck Horn
I’m stalked by the Rain People
I found a deer that won't stop looking at me.
I Had That Same Dream Again &amp; Get Some Good Advice- Part 2
"Just Say No" Part One.
Miniladd
I HAVE SEEN GOD'S FACE PLEASE HELP ME
If you dare
There is a Cult at Disneyland
The Old Barn Near The Ranch
My paintings have become sentient and now people are dying
The Neighbour's Cat Has Fleas
I will never go to my grandparents house again
My Shadow Has Wingf (part 2)
I hunt Greek and Roman Mythological monsters. This is a survival guide if you come across one. Part 1: Wraiths and Hellhounds
When you have trouble with yourself
If your name is John and you’re 18+: please read this.
What is in Area 51?
My plane stopped making noise and everyone was gone
Tooth &amp; Nail - I followed a trail of blood to the attic, what I found there will haunt me forever. (Part 5)
My wife and her friend went on an Internet-based treasure hunt, and what they found--I'm thinking it's straight from Hell.
The Imitator Records. My Hunt for North America's Newest Predator. Document One, My Own Thoughts and Introduction to the Imitator along with Cop and Surviver Interview, Damaged
I regret taking the coach.
Something is off with these woods. Day 1
The Infomercial
the man.
Were you aware if drug buyers guide is valid or maybe not ?
There's Something Wrong With my Child
Blood Heritage
Cookies
Fly Stuck In Honey
My babysitter horror story
If you see an ice cream truck named Mister Sicles in your neighborhood... RUN
"Series" Leather Lodge
My Bop-It game got me possessed
Give me some of your scary experiences to read during quarantine!
The Crone
My auditory hallucinations may actually have a cause.
Every Year, Someone from my Town is Chosen to Leave - Part 2
My Husband Came Home...Different Part 2
Someone came into my home last night.. but that’s not the worst part.
Door to Door - PART 1/2
the hottest fraternity on campus
I found a mask made of flesh in my grandpa's attic. Now the devil and I are waging war on a pantheon of eldritch gods.
Weird drawing on my neighbors fence
I kept a dream journal and I'm happy im alive to regret it.
I don’t think the BNB liked me since I took the guest book.
My friend has another world inside her hijab
How can I get my Imaginary Friend to Stop Crying?
My Girlfriend Has An Amazing Talent
I met something in the forest. It won't stop following me.
Yet to be named part one
I just experienced some nightmare on elm street level dreaming
I shouldn't have tried astral travelling.
If you're reading this right now this may be the last post I ever make
My cousin told me a story about the dangers of Tinder, it made me delete the app.
I worked as a janitor in an office. I quit after I encountered a strange man working there at night.
My career isn’t always dangerous, but clients can be unpredictable
I hunt things, things that you wouldn't expect (part 1)
Mental diseases: the most terrific thing ever.
My Daughter’s Journal Entries
Hi I just joined
Accused of abusing 911, but I haven't touched the phone (Part 4)
Childhood memory
Cassius found out the truth
Documentary/Movie of Real Life Events
Another Vivid Dream
I Was Born In 1998 But I'm 375 Years Old (Part 2)
the ghost in my parents bedroom
I’ve Been Paid to Guard a Room I’m Not Allowed to Enter
The Golf Course After Dark
I'm so scared of the water’s edge
A murder at Crawford Road
Never open the door between 7 and 10 am
We were hiking and found a campsite massacre, the only thing worse is what happened next.
Lifeline
Xhiskz
The Room
The Figure in the Fields
You must FOLLOW THESE RULES TO RIDE  Pt 1
I’m Pretty Sure My Reflection Is An Imposter
My dad just told me he’s moving out and I need to find some place to stay
Monsters And Dead Friends
Don't go to iraq
My mom saw my sister doppelgänger...
Channel 176
I'm usually the only person to ride the last scheduled train. But this time, I wasn't alone.
For the love of God, follow the rules of Raven Airways.
My car crash put me in a coma for two weeks. Now I hear some strange things when I'm around people.
01101001 00100000 01101011 01101001 01101100 01101100 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101 01101111 01101110 01100101 00101100 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01101001 00100000 01100110 01100101 01100101 01101100 00100000 01100111 01110101 01101001 01101100 01110100 011
Oh whistle, and I will come to you
For sale: Pigs 600 pieces available.
I Made A Deal With An Old Man In A Food Court Bathroom (Pt. 16)
The Red Man is real: The Well (Part 3)
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist Part IV
A new drug appeared in my homeless community, and I think it’s making people eat themselves..(2)
The Bunker (pt. 6)
My father and I created a device that warps reality. It's... been a rough night. (Part 6)(Finale)
Guys I’m new to this sub. Why do people respond in the comments as if the stories are true?
"Welcome Home, Honey"
Lied to.
Something is taking the children
Tales from the Noir Book (Story 1): the Super Soldier and the Monsters of Green Leaf.
The virus acts quickly, and there is no cure
I Opened My Own Store Called Xeno, Something Strange Is Happening
The podcast he wished he never listened to
I’m trying to find a story about a monster under the bed company(?) that the owner is confused why none of his monsters can never stay with this one girl...
I got a call from my daughter at 3:00am this morning... She’s been dead since 2016
It's been in the Sky for 5 Days, I think it's Watching us. (2)
Losing Someone
Every single passenger in this train is going to die.
Woodhurst
This woman I'm living with isn't my fiancée
Jaga (Part 1)
The purge
I’m part of an experiment. I don’t remember if I’m the test subject or the researcher
I think it's worse than I thought
The creeper
No Passenger Train on Track 1
Don't play Minecraft maps of old ghost towns
STARRY BODIES
How I uncovered a Chinese stock scam
The Complimentary Box (Part.1)
Panda
The Crooked Man's crooked tasks
What Have You Done For My God Today? (Part Two)
I will never forget my parents deathThe Celtic rituals were worse than you imagined
Stuck in my house
Why I stopped going to bars, especially on the new moon nights
I used to be a butcher for a meat packing company
Green eyes
My indigenous grandmother told me the origin of my favorite fruit
I’m reading a story right now. And it is what is happening in my life. According to the book,a killer is looming.
My subdivision is in lockdown, and I know why (part 1)
Allison
New opportunities
*** Now NoSleep has a new website: A L L T A B O O . N E T
I Weaponized Clinical Depression For A Psychological War Start-Up. I Now Feel Overwhelming Remorse.
Masks are for Safety, More so Yours Than my Own
Le Puisard
I Don’t Like The Dreams of Armageddon It Tortures Me With (Part 2)
Bad experience with Ouija Board
LOOKING FOR STORIES FOR NARRATION CHANNEL
Rusted giant
Tow Truck Driver: Need Advice
The judge
I was Put in Cryostasis When I Died. Today, I Woke up.
Cresent Moon (Part 1)
Up all night and listening to this
I Met a Girl From the Internet
I Care For Cryptids
My First Dance With A Demon
The time I had to disappear because of the deep web
How to Survive Camping - a bridle of flesh
When you see the man in your dreams read this if you don't don't read and run
New neighbors moved in next door, and they want to kill me and my family
How I killed Mary Sue Beckett
Black Friday Brawl
Papa’s on the lamb.
Has anyone seen a girl with long curly grey hair on the bus before?
My daughter has a notebook full of names.
The Breakin
The Smiler.
Do not use time travel to prevent someone's death... Trust me. Part 1
Hi I am new here and i wrote this , hope you like it
I work in an establishment which contains the most terrifying creatures imaginable to men
The thing that holds me down...
Please Forgive my Thoughts if They Intrude
Connection
Foreign Currency Exchange In Chennai - 9840593123 / 9841944370
The stalker (My first story)
I don't really know what's going on
My twin sister and I are hunters. She thinks she saw the Spidereater today.
The man who left one of us alive. (Reupload bc of believability)
The Town I Grew Up In
Something weird is happening at my grocery store (part 2)
The Collector of Smiles (Part 1)
My brother went missing and i am going to get him back
If you go to Venice, You May See a Pale Face In The Water
Caving?
I couldn't climb the rope in gym.
As white as snow around her
The ghost that watches you sleep !!
Perun
Demonic Pacts (Part 5)
Community
The blizzard massacre
High School Years - Freshman Year
I'm not afraid
paranoid thougts not real thoughts
Knock
When I Gave Out Advice I had Two Children. After my Son Followed it, I Only had One
they made me one of themI found hidden cameras around my house
Where am I..
The Neverborns
The authorities are hiding a new disease from us. People are turning. {Pt 3}
"Don't Blink."
Her Number One Fan
Trolley in a forest.
If you hear a strange noise outside your window after returning from the shopping center at night, then you're in serious danger.
I worked at the Coronavirus factory. This is my story.
New 'Hunter' Plan for Universal Basic Income
January 2021 Winners!
My Return to the Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 6)
The human race has messed up, but this is the last time
I found a button on the back of my head
I Always Keep a Red Hat at My Door
My mom sent me some old home videos for my birthday, and now I'm running for my life
I thought the lake was beautiful until I I saw the truth
There's something in my new house with me.
Do you ask all the right questions before you get on a trip?
The Different Kid
The Shine: Who can you trust?
Things to do in a Quarantine when you’re Dead: A Game of Murder with the Neighbors
The Hide of a Skinwalker
Space belongs to Satan, Part 2
The Simulation
Room 173: Corridor Girl, Part 1
The arrival of the bird meant danger.
In a few days, I’ll likely be dead. Take this as a warning.
I'm Starting To Think There's Something Wrong With My Sister's Baby
Stalked by something in the woods while on Randonautica. Our z score was almost -5
What Did You See - Part 1
Strange Creature Caught on Ring Camera
I think I have stories from nowhere - 1
Twenty-three cigarettes.
Working a haunted trail isnt always fun
The Night My Grandmother Saved My Life
My mom calls every Sunday and talks to us, but she’s been dead for 3 years.
Compilation of reports regarding the recent incidents at Broken Hill (Part 1: Aiden)
The dream
Deerhead
The Seven Deadly Sins: The Return
The Sycamore Forest At My Old Home
There's a ghost in my apartment and she likes me. It's complicated.
If you wake up at 3:33am, don't look outside.
What lurks beneath
It feeds on their grief.
Lizardmen
A secret code in my new apartment’s elevator panel takes you to hidden floors
My weird haunted house ( true story)
Murder, it wrote
I think my dreams may be warning me
I am Meka Castle, and I am not alone.
My substitute online chemistry teacher has a set of 5 rules. If you violate them, you end up in his attendance list.
My best friend drowned in an 'empty' water tank...time to avenge him
The Choice of Either Rhyming or Dying
He's not there
My Co-Worker has gone missing and I think my Boss has something to do with it... Part 2
I'm not how i used to be.
A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 4)
Am I Dying Soon?
Has anyone heard of The Adeep?
Demons inside of you
My Childhood Fairytale Monsters Have Come To Life. They Want Me to Join Them
The Darkest Corner on the Lot
It was a fairly normal morning
I met a siren.
I'm stuck in a mansion surrounded by night
Dont Trust The Ice Cream Man
Diablo
DxYxOxGx
I Couldn't Believe it WAS Him
This is the story of how my life changed forever.
Nothing... Just me
Message request..
The Climax Bird
The Funny Thing About Being In Jail
Working as an Aussie Bush Ranger Part 3: The Massacre
The Enticing Building
What’s that thing scratching at my door?
“Take my shadow”
My Priest Did Something Bad When I Was A Teen. It’s Not What You Think.
I’m an archaeologist who located the fountain of youth and drank what was left. Its guardian is now after my life.
I made a deal with my Guardian Angel
I think my bathroom is haunted. (Part 1)
I encountered something deep in Jamul, CA...It knew my name
REPLY POST: Has anyone else had a dream carry on while waking up?
Story Recommendations
Vanishing Woods.
Life in the mountains
I discovered a secret passage in my shower. My wife leads a double life. PART 4
UFO'S and Hell are just fairytales
Girl problems
I have seen something in my house, after everything changed.
We need to leave, but I think someone is after us.
There are worse things than being lost.
Something Was Growing Inside My Dog
My family is part of something horrible
My left hand writes poems while I sleep. The latest one got me worried.
I decied to skip school one day...but now I regret it.
I Work At A Library And Something Is Terribly Wrong : Current Time
Death isn’t the worst part.
She Doesn’t Like People Going In There.
The ski lift to nowhere. (Part 1)
Does anybody know this story?
Garden Street ghost, Illinois
I think I made a mistake with my most recent online purchase...
Possible Paranormal Encounter?
They have started our attacks. We are not ready.
Lonely
Everyone needs to be warned about Will!
Reverse Vampire 14: TPK
The Roblox Tower Of Hell Accident
Among Us.EXE
Weird stuff has been happing to me
The Dangers, and Beauty of LSD
Something is trying to come into our universe and I’m afraid it’s almost here.
Strange Findings from The Archives – "Him of The Woods"
Baby of the Bush
Torn Asunder Club Adventures started last month
My dad sits at the table and my mom won't look at me
Something in the smoke
Can you guys mix the SCP foundation and area 51 together in a story please I want to see it happen
He comes from Southwards
We Discovered a New Island in the Pacific Ocean. I'd Rather Die than Go Back There
My girlfriend tried a ritual she found on here and now she's missing. Please, help me get her back.
A real story of my onset into weed induced psychosis, would appreciate any feedback, thanks!
Need money anyone wanna help a girl out ?
Mr.Bobo
Suspicious military ship incounter
I am a soldier at the Site Omega military base. The rules are weird and terrifying. : O, sweet death.
Found some creepy-cool audio diaries about a pizzeria and thought I’d transcribe them! (1)
Five second coma
CABIN FEVER
The Brude
A Dog Unlike Any Other
The Issue of Lake Arrowhead
"No u"
What you looking at?
Something's wrong and for once it isn't the people I work with
A shared experience.
My phsycopath girlfriend. Story
My sister weird connection with the dead
I need help
A Dark God Gave Me Superpowers, and Now I Have a New Sister
Step one: fortify. Step two: slaughter.
My uncle's visits to our ancestral house turned out to be his worst nightmare...
Part 3: My husband gave me this necklace. Then strange things happened.
Shady Government guys locked down my block in the projects. Then things got much, much, worse
The itch at the back of my skull
My Heart
My lack of emotions didn't stop the ghosts showing theirs
I Woke Up to A Tooth Under My Pillow
We cover all of the mirrors at night.
I have worked for the U.S. navy for 12 years, but I will *never* forget what I saw that day.
I know you can hear me. Yes, I am speaking from in the wall.
Stories from the cursed excavation site
The Grandma I never knew
My little sister was the most harmless kid on the block, but then she started playing Call of Duty.
I have to feed it or it hurts me.
be nice to the waiter
Rockdown Carnival: Don't Let The Clowns Into Your Room
Tv clip thing I remember from when I was younger.
Never Answer a Phone Call, When the Power is Out.
My wife used to have Aphantasia - now her imagination is trying to kill us both!Pet cremation - A gate to hell opens after dark
The worst nightmare I’ve ever had has come back for me.
I’m a Fantasy Novelist and My Biggest Fan is Freaking Me Out
This made me so paranoid that I jump at the slightest noise
Bashing My Skull On the 4th Wall
What goes blink in the night
I Have Come To Terms With That My Shadow Is Just As Alive As I Am...
The Liceberg
Why I'm scared of dogs
My dad just burst into my room or at least I hope it’s him...
Over the River and Through the Woods
Are any of you awake
I’m Lily Madwhip and I’ve Been Here Before
7 rules for surviving The Crack
I’m writing this as quickly as I can. He’s going to put me in the trunk again soon.
He took me to the other side, said his last goodbye, and left me perplexed...
There's a stain on my ceiling... but it moves.
HAUNTED
We received a message from outer space, it came from a nine year old girl.
I've always had a big problem with sleeping at night.
I Fight Demons in My Sleep
My crazy ex
Could these creepy incidents be related?
Don't go to the Pacific Cafe
no sleep 48hrs on reg
creepy voice in hospital
truck 110
If you see a Woman in a pick grilling at 3am, DON'T approach Her.
I know when I will die, but I don't know what to do about it
Across the River Rests
The government deployed me to a country that doesn’t exist Part III
Just click
WIBTA if I dumped my boyfriend because of a comment about my cooking skills?
The quarry had leaches
I woke up to darkness
I found a man hiding in my backyard. He told me something truly disturbing, and I'll never be able to look at the world the same.
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on - Part 1
The Man (Creature) In The Field
The night shift
Alarm
The Arrival
Some weird stuff is happening in my house, and I’m afraid to go to bed tonight.
I picked up a dead hitchhiker
My Husband's Eyes are Missing (Part 2)
An Island Treatment for Colon Polyps
The Monday after winter break is worse than I anticipated
Am never going on omegle again after what I saw
If you see this please help me
Don’t fear the strange sounds at night. Fear the silence. Fear Hush.
A haunting experience
I was recruited for NASA’s Top Secret Mission to colonize the Moon. Something has gone wrong.
My Life's Motto
Be careful if you read Pet Sematary after a loved one dies
The moving blinds.
Wendigo of Maniwaki/Messines
Die, die my darling
And then it started to rain.
I stayed in an old castle during my study abroad trip. My visit was mostly normal, except for the legend of the Singing Woman.
Just An Ordinary Man...
I have the sight, and decided to leave the house
:::::emeraldelerium:::::
An Angel’s Perspective
I saw my own suicide and I don't think it was just a dream
Man on the bus
Why can't I go outside, Mom?
My work stairs is haunted
I was kidnaped by my neighbor
I'm getting stronger every day
truth or dare
The Light Shadow
We Let Them Out (P 1)
I'm Friends With A Retired CDC Agent. There Are So Many Diseases You Haven't Heard Of.
Rich Looking Demon/Ghost Haunting Experience.
Unexplained phenomena occurred at Grayswood Farm
Fingers
Favors For Norse Gods: Death
This was supposed to be a normal Halloween
My mother left me her diary when she died. She told of a story that gave me nightmares in her book.
I could be breaking the NDA, but at this point, I don't care.
Formless
Why Can't They See Me
Let’s Play
How A Marriage Ends
Can someone explain this to me?
What Happened?
Calls of the Castle (part 2)
The Sixty-Six (Part1)
Wanted: Assistant Manager for the Ophelia Family’s Traveling Circus
The Smiling Corporation
Something scary in the desert
Have you had this nightmare?
My friend and I got in his car to chase a UFO. When it landed, we witnessed something much more horrifying.
I work for a special investigation unit
My roommate's last wish
If I sleep, I die.
I was born colorblind. It never caused me much trouble until recently.
Faerie Song
BETHDo not look away. You're been monitored.
my girlfriend is a catgirl  {nsfl}
Today I stopped the Devil from hitting on my girlfriend.
My evil grandmother is ruining my life
My sister has been acting strangely for a week.
The Genesis of Revelations
GHOST IN CARS MIRROR. WITH PICS. NEED HELP . DEBUNK PLS.
Morning people should not be allowed to exist
If I'd Only Known
Buy Negative Facebook Reviews
My House Has Arcade Coin Slots
The Screaming Woman - Part 2
the Laundry Room
Crimson Web- Part 2
The thunder saved me
Post a Secret
Red umbrella man came back
My grandfather committed a sin &amp; now every Female Born in my family is destined to be a *Dayan*
Flayed
I’ve been to hell. And I don’t want to go back.
im new
Eight spiders a year.
Kilter’s Account of the Gruesome and Ghastly
We are here
Si, Beavis, Tobz, Maz and me.
I Found A Polaroid...
I run a museum of cursed objects. I think it's finally time to talk about The Object.
I found a metal box in the junkyard. I think they took my friend who managed it.
Everyone said the world was ending-- no one mentioned how boring it would be.
Charlie puth type beat tik tok funk type beat | Looped / Instrumental
The Nightmare?
to have and to hold
Creepy discord server
Cryptic Coded Letter Keeps Finding Me
Is my house...haunted?!?...are they watching me...?
I saw something on the subway I can’t explain
i don't exist
The haunted game
"Soulmates" Part II (SERIES)
Everyone i know in my city had nightmare or a hard time sleep the same night
I used to work in the team censoring pictures for Google Images. Beside gore and children pornography there are things that are unimaginable.
Im working in a 24/7 Mexican restaurant on a middle of the desert in Nevada
My prison cellmate told me his terrible story... has anyone else heard of The Night-Night Guy?
Anybody know what this glowing light could be in Northern, Thailand?
May the Circle Be (Un)Broken
I was trapped at my high school for 2 weeks and was constantly being hunted down, I think I was in an alternate dimension.
Strange apparition
Somethings Wrong With My Grandmother And I Don't Know What
How I Was Almost Kidnapped
Log 13
Grandpa Said Not to Poach
Random video?? (Part 1)
My friends and I went to the mountains. I'm the only one left
My dream world is more real than reality
I saw a weird white dog in bogs near my house at night
I am a Berserker, and I think that saved my life.
I see also
I’ve been silent since birth. Now a supernatural killer won’t leave me alone.
Another Farm in Southeast Idaho (Part 1)
The Two Ladies
Who are you talking to?
Trouble sleeping
Why Part of New York’s Appalachian Trail Route was Changed
The Stick-men of Pleasure Hill, Louisiana
Do not download my app
The final writings of a dead man
I can watch over your children at night 819-***-****
Guidance of the Lost
I saw something in the woods of New Jersey
There is a Door to Hell in my Basement
I found never before seen footage of the first plane hitting the twin towers.
I fotgot the name of this story someone wrote
Never Talk Back to a Mod
Text Messaging Horror Story | The Request
i need thanksgiving scary stories
NBA Power Rankings Part 2
I work at a store in a park that doesn't exist.
Dream come true. I saw an unfamillair man in my dream and I met him for real.
There is a man hurtling through space, to his death -- yet very few know of him...(Pt1)Something Was Following Me Through the Woods Yesterday
the dog man dream
The Banshee Wept For Me (Part 1)
I finally figured out how to travel between dimensions. I wish I didn't.
The world has one day where everyone checks their doorstep
I got out. And I'm never coming back.
A skinwalker trued to kill me
Unexpected depths
My Father was Killed by a Cult . . . I Hunted them Down. (Part 2)
The Timer Man
We were failed musicians. Then we learned a dark ritual that made us famous again. (Part 2)
Something flipped my light switch at 3am
I Won't Go Camping Amymore
Please Eat Me
she'll come for us now..
I don't think I'm 'me', anymore
The Hooded Man
I fled to the sewers, now I'm stuck here.
The Hospital Morgue
The Dog Eater (remake)
I don’t remember it.
I was mistakenly put into a college night class, and I wish I never went. There is something wrong with the students.
I can't celebrate holidays
Dads Ritual
Pig
Everything Went Black
You don’t need to restock the wine cellar
I Got Vision Correction Surgery, and Now Something Strange Is Going On With My Eyes (Part 1)
Working at an amusement park: Firewater
I grew up in a religious cult, but my brother worshipped a different deity (Part 1)
My work experience
I saw it at night
I Know Why Aliens Haven't Visited Us
Clingers
Getting icecream part 2
The Mooncreek Matinee has been closed for over thirty years. But the truth always comes out.
Silence is Survival
If You Hear a Baby Crying in the Woods, Don't Follow It, Pictures Included
Toys
The Behemoth
Please Look Up
People are saying that I've done things I dont remember
I was home alone, or so I thought
I think my body is trying to kill me
He's still following me, if you see this, be careful of your sleep.
My fiance's sleeping habits are getting stranger
I work at an underground zoo for cryptids (pt 1)
About Daniel: Part 1
What do they want! Part 3 of i saw the i swear
I’m never going to a McDonalds Drive-Thru again
Friend:I got EHS (exploding head syndrome) lol Me:What’s it like? Friend: Imagine someone with razor sharp claws ripping you skin open oh so slowly, letting your blood spill out as you wait for the pain to end but it’s sound. Me:holy
Fake It 'Til You Make It
Horror event during the night
If she was "there" then who was here?
I’m the monster who lives in your closet. But I still don’t know why people fear me or what is going on around here. Please explain?
Bunch of Bones
: Searching for a 4chan greentext
Don't Talk to Strangers Pt I &amp; II
I had a dream about the aftermath of the Area 51 raid.Ice Cream at Midnight
The demon
The Bleeding Dove
What is insomnia
I suffer from intense dissociation and can’t trust my own memories. Last month I met Jack (Part 2)
I work at Home Depot, but something here isn't right
I was forced to get a suitcase from a shady car... and now it's gone?
The Last Time I Saw Aurora
Don't get snatched at night: Part 1
The Bone Lady
My paranormal experience.
The time I went to court
When I see the pale faceless dancer, someone I know is about to die
Jason versus Seroquel
The Smiling Doodle
I work in strange kind of Hotel - here I tell you how the man with no eyes offered me a job
I perform at a theater. One of our interns quit because she saw a ghost. I thought she was lying, but now I think I believe her.
I'm tasked with killing nameless things out in the desert, 1/4
I might be misremembering
"OFF LIMITS"
The cemetery I worked at had one rule, don't let them dig  "The Heart"
Proplexing Wonder
I can't keep this secret anymore.
Deadskin Diary
Gerald
Just to let you know.....
I'm being haunted by my old apartment.
Meteor Shower
My name is Natalie Hart, And I'm dead
I Simply Mind My Own Bussiness.
Do Not Invite Them In
There’s Something Under My Bed.....
My 5 year old has an imaginary friend, that’s much more sinister than I thought.
In-house Sweets
The Earthlings S16 E3 - Supermarket Stab (Part 4)
A New Horizon
Bulldog Rainbow Heart Gay Pride LGBT Tshirt Gifts
Something is wrong with my room.
I got a text from my Grandma (Long)
This guy asked me to be his girlfriend, but I rejected him. That was the worst mistake of my life.
Breastfeeding is for babies
The Figures
The Perfect Band
Old Creepypasta involving strings
The Demon Lurks
I was given a glass pane that kills people.
Bus Stophelpmehelpmehelp
I'm dying and no one believes me.
The Plague Burden Part 1
My Mother
Im Trapped Outside My Body
Me and my friends are stuck in the woods, and there’s a tall figure with claws after us...(Part 1)
My wife has a removable face. I’ve never glimpsed what lies beneath it, but my best friend has.
I Know They Eat Kids
A friend asked me to run her hotel. I shouldn't have agreed.
I just inherited a haunted house. Today, it taught me how to cry.
Witcher
I visited hell once - near death experience
It Follows Me
Things that shouldn't see daylight (part two)
I stood alone at the end of the world
the student - a diary entry that shows the destruction of a child
I was never allowed in the basement. I finally found out why.
Ever since this strange man entered my life, nothing has ever been the same.
We thought she was crazy
Infinite Nightmare Loop
Suicide note
Whats the creepiest thing that has happened to you?
The Hiding Man
The Unsettling Room
Japanese forests have a music like no other
I think I'm losing my eyesight.My Shadow Finally Spoke Today
The Cursed Rocking Horse
The rules to surviving Night Shift Maccas
I WAS TOLD SATAN IS COMING FOR ME
The Sun's Not Coming Up
I was the sole survivor of a 34-car pileup
The Hat Man
I Went to Disney World... I Don't Think I'll Ever go Back
Father Consuelo of the Cathedral of San Lorenzo
MOUNTAIN VACATION TRADGEDY
The Flat Upstairs
The Horror at Seven Points 1
Ghosts love to lie
Welcome to Fantasma: The Souls of the Brahan Seer (Part 4)
Ashes Ashes, We All Fall Down - Part 5/6
Frog man, a true story
I’m being haunted by the boy I killed.
My grandfather and I went on a road trip, and he taught me about death in the worst way possible.
New
I regret not helping.
Got me thinking....
Lake Parish
My husband had surgery. The man the hospital released is not my husband.
Spider Eating Contest
my horror story!
Moonlight Man
The Wangmangler
Something was torturing my dog
i keep hearing noises coming from the attic
My town has an old nursery rhyme called LICKETYSPLIT. The verses are hiding something.
I write News Stories
Please stop the knocking.
Closure is important, But Not Worth The Risk.
Somebody has been mailing me vases filled with ashes.
I get paid to watch paintings at night and sometimes they watch me back.
Echo Chamber
SuperMarket Memoirs 17: Weswegiti
The rules at my subway are disturbing
There is something on the ship.
OooooOo00 spookay
I Received A Strange Phone Call. Nothing Will Ever Be The Same Again.
Cinnamon Wants a Jerky
Maybe Don't Trust The Book Man
My work is trying to drug me.
Be careful of the buses you take
Case 3964: The Blackgate Incident (Part 1)
Red door, Yellow door
It’s not the wind
I thought suicide was a way out, but it was only
My leg is cursed, and I can't run away from my problems
I am a police tactical operator, and I ventured into a place I wasn't supposed to. (Part 3)
The night I lost my father
We Are The Bermuda
I feel something watching me i need help
Someone is in My Closet
It whispered my name Part 1
My wife was different after her sister died
I’m not sure if I was supposed to die that accident
I matched with a girl on a dating app. I shouldn't have swiped right.
Wake up 759021032#
Something in my backyard
Secrets, Lust &amp; Fear
Memoirs of a DeadMan
The Snowstorm
The Good Neighbor
It keeps following me and it gets closer every time I see it.
Today I saw the floor eat a woman
I Have The Power To Create Creatures By Thinking Of Them
Won't be sleeping in the back of the truck anymore
An AI has been finding missing bodies. We relied on it.
I'm a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. The only thing they fear is her.
"Talk to me, Amy!"
I found a picture of my dead friend on my phone
Somone's life Pt. 1
My Roommate Bacia
Weird Things Have Been Happening at the Summer Camp I Work At
Confessions of a Camp Counsellor
Pavlov's Man
I Don't Celebrate My Birthday
I've been having killer thoughts so much it driven me crazy and do sadistic things unintentionally.. And i regretted it.
True story of one of my first 911 calls.
just not sleeping is the easy part
UNKT578 Part 2
A normal day at school
Strange Things Happen In My Hometown. I Have Some Stories To Tell (Part 4)
the cursed jewel
My grandmother tried to gouge out my eyes when I was a baby. At age fifteen, I saw the woods for the first time.
I Keep Finding Pieces of Glass In My House
decided to turn my dreams into short stories (Part 1)
It always hurts when you leave a place of love.
I'm a manager of an Escape Room, and I haven't been honest. (Part 3)
A Trip Down Memory Lane
19 year old wearing 2 layers of black
Eating me up from the inside
I'm Theirs
The planets I "discovered" weren't planets at all. I've been trying to live with what I know.
Am I being stalked?
I decided to humor my sisters joke and I whispered to Alexa: “Whenever you listen to us, make a loud sound.”
Will you remember pt1
Red dress
My Mother Turned Herself Into a Monster
Redneck-Midget-Ninja-Clowns from the Underworld
The Road Trip
she is fine.
My Story about my Television and Long Neck Woman
1 (302) 2 — You know who you are, and if you see this, STOP ALREADY!
Proxy 11 (Final entry)
A Dream I Had The Other Night...
Just look at my eyes
Gum Shoe Blues
Scopaesthesia: The Full Story
Nevaeh
My power haunts me amd i cant stop it either.
Revisiting the remnants of my burnt down hometown 18 years later (part 1)
The man on the subway
I see things I shouldn't (index)
Mr. Four Eyes
The Silent Noises by David Smith/Davey-Poof
An entity saved me, and to this day I still don't know why
I think I Summoned Slenderman, and I Regret It
Got a strange email from a seemingly unregistered address and was told to spread the notes online.
They hunger.
We don't enter the Timberfolk Woods.
Everyone I touch dies.
I'm an Illusionist by Trade, I have never seen a real Angel, until today
The demon in the black mist
528Hz Boosting Self Confidence and Self Esteem by balancing and tuning Solar Plexus Chakra Music
I'm possessed by a demon, and it's not working out very well.
The Snuff Box Podcast
I’ve been stuck in an amusement park for 8 years:part 3
The Beldam
The Visitor(Entry One)
The Unveiling
Beach Terror
let me end my life. let me go.
How to Survive Camping: a branch from the dark
We're disappearing at Wright's Beach
Haunting Lullaby.
Something in the woods
I'm staying at a motel i found in the woods. It has some strange rules.
The Man in the Bunny Costume
I’m Blonde Again
The Demon at the Door
I'm a former police officer. I have another story to share.
My Family Has an Odd Tradition
She arose from her bed, disturbed by nothing in particular.
My Loser Brother Won The Lottery And It Ruined My Life
Humanity is at the whim of an alien menace
___SYSTEM ALERT___
When the Ash Starts to fall, Stay Inside
LET THEM WATCH
I get it, don't touch people without their consent... but are the millipedes really necessary?
Ingested
I just wanted a way to get back at this Earth. (Part 1)
Grandma screams in her Sleep
Hi I need help
Hello, my name is ghost_wrider and I have an anger problem.
The Ballad of Lennon.
The Thing in Room 32B. Part II
That Time I Framed my Friend for Murder
Emergency Broadcast: Crimson Alert - Five
My Mother's Kindness Resulted In Her Death
Why the motto is everything is real here even if its not
Apple might Offer Audio Versions of News+ Stories
I Can't Get Away From Their Faces
There's something wrong with the grass on Fleetwood Street
It used to watch, but now it plays the game as well
Rain_1
A Very Descriptive Essay
I knocked on the wrong door
TIL A FULL KNEE REPLACEMENT AT 50
Stalked by Graffiti
My friends and I went to the Mountains. I'm the only one left
Creepy ideas 😅
I have the beginning of an original horror story but I want you to continue it...
The Pointed Crest
An Alien Ship Landed In My Town. Everyone Is Acting Like It Didn't.
A Night at the Grey Forest Diner (Part I)
I am NEVER going to do a Night Walk again – Part 2
Happy Pills
I hope the creatures don't find me.
I was bored and decided to write a short horror story
I am a young girl. My Uncle Tommy does weird things to me
The Indie game tied to human trafficking.
How to write a good, believable horror story.
3 Reasons Why I Am No Longer a Motel Maid
Law Enforcement
Mr. Nobody
Red Dot Moving in the Night Sky
I used to go to a highschool. Now i’m stuck here forever.
Reaching the end of my rope
XMAS FOLLY FOR JACK &amp; HOLLY : A CAUTIONARY TALE
Phantom Brother
The problem with earworms
Every time I die I come back to life. I can't escape it.
I found a social media account posting pictures of my kid...
99% Off ($0.01) Amazon Shumao Women Sandals, 2019 Women Outdoor Round Toe Platform High Heels Wedges Buckle Slope Shoes
Fire Lookout here, here's some advice
Do not use time travel to prevent someone's death... Trust me. Part 2
Cheater, Cheater
The Death Jungle
My city has been cut off from the world and overrun with monsters. I have a set of rules to stay alive. We got Tristan to talk, but he's still an unhelpful asshole. And I'm worried about what he wants from me
There's a lab that pretends to research a cure for cancer. It's time they were exposed. | part 2
I got a job as a part time security guard at my local warehouse
Something walks whistling past my house every night at 3:03.
Strandge dream
I've started working in a warehouse, and THAT'S why the pay's so good.
Something Is Wrong With Carol
No Name
My dad died
You fucking disgust me
You want to become immortal? Then start practicing.
I rescued a dog, but I found something much worse.
Hauling through what could've been any place anywhere, I came across the guardians of the road.
I, a sociopath, intimidate a totally false 'psychopath'.
Eleven people were just murdered in Las Vegas, but you won't read about it on the news. There's no going back now.
The anti Christ was born
When the hunter, becomes the hunted.
She is beautiful. It scares me...
So had very weird dream about a job recently taken in the dream.
I went 20 years back in time and arrived at a village that disappeared 200 years ago.
Old man spider
Grocery store problem
Demon in a bottle
Knock, knock.
I found these files and audio recording in my desk 10 minutes ago, there’s something outside.
Death Of The Dollar Theater
Help finding a post
Rock Paper Scissors
I no longer recognize myself. There are strangers pretending to be my parents (Part 6) Final part.
I am trying to write a story that i want to animate on my channel
My dog is immortal, and the connection we share is a hell I wouldn't wish on anyone
Ghosts aren't what we think they are. I've met one.
Never laugh at a hearse
I’m an Urban Explorer. Here is My Story. (pt.2)
Sleep Problems Due to Noise
What the hell was on that trail camera?
My grandmother died and passed down her cabin to my brother and me. Our uncle doesn't seem like himself anymore
How to Survive Horses
I cant die
I souls my soul and nothing happened.
Our usual babysitter was unavailable. Her replacement was...odd, to say the least.
I Don't Believe in Ghosts Maybe NSFW
I went to hell's cafe
I Run into the Local Urban Legend: Deer-man, During One of My Investigations
The real reason r/nosleep is going private for a week
Rub-A-Dub-Dub
The Graveyard at the Edge of the Mist.
Face in the Window
A Family Matter
My neighbor reanimated a woman
I was afraid I would be locked up in the looney bin if I told anyone. Now I wish that I had.
I got a creepy emergency alert send help.
Taking Shape
Lucky
The Little Green House in Floydsville
It smelt like death.
I was part of an island exploration team in the Indian Ocean...I was the only survivor Part 6
Scratching coming from the attic (true story)
Trust Chick-Fil-A.
THE CULLING OF THE LIZARD-PEOPLE
Seventeen/Nineteen
Blackout Diary: I found drunk diary entries I know I didn't write. I video-recorded myself drinking, and the footage scared me sober.
Ruminations at the End of Time
There's Something Extremely Strange Happening to the Teachers at My Boarding School - Part 4
I Think A Demon Will Kill Me Soon
Vanity
I can hear everything one year into the future
A discovered a ritual that allows me to access other dimensions through the Reddit Interface
How do I get rid of my demon puppy?
THE GUVERNMENT IS THRETENING TO KILL ME
Playback (Part 7)
Night-time infestation
I used to be a Park Ranger
I found an old letter my Great-Great Grandfather wrote. What it contains is inexplicable and terrifying.
Disembodied Sirens (VERY SHORT)
We are cursed, need help! Part 1
The Deep Freeze (Part One)
here because of the Jenna and Julien podcast
Never meet your Number Neighbor.
The Dark Room
It's just dark web, nothing can go wrong? NO!
I wished I could live another life - that mistake has cost me (Part 2)
My sleep paralysis just got real
My son went missing and I caught it on video. (Pt. 2)The Highway Where My Wife Was Killed
Dawn of The Tsunami
The Curtis' Dragon
Not sure what to do
i live on an island with demonic creatures(pt2)
Three men visited my Girlfriend and I on Christmas Eve. What they did destroyed our lives.
I Changed Dimension Again
The snow is not cold on the 31st of October
Gas Station Carnivals
10 years ago when I was 10 my mother was murdered by a man, I saw his face clearly, I’m starting to grow into the man who killed my mother.
I explore abandoned buildings as a hobby, this was my last expedition
Last night I read that it takes people an average of 7 minutes to fall asleep
Pray
The Sordid and Somewhat Icky Case of Avery Tibbits and His Anal Infestation
I work for a secret organization that captures paranormal subjects. I - The Angel, the Bats, the Man.
a brief interruption
I'm A Homicide Detective, My Newest Case Is Unlike Anything I've Seen Before
We're having a weight loss contest at the office. Peggy's been cheating...
Quebec Snowstorm of '98
It's just The Pipes
14 year old depression. Based on my life
I found the devil in my yard
How long can we survive without sleeping?
Baskin Robbins (Part 1)
I found this letter in my grandfather's belongings
Ordinary.
The Not-People In The Snow
About the kills with a Captive Bolt Gun in our apartment Complex. (Part 1)
LOOKED FOR A VENT.. :)
My dad has to make a decision that will change our family forever
Can you be haunted by a pet?
Me and my mom got into a fist fight
Mother knows best
Black Windows: So it was
A story about a time I hitchhiked outside Duluth
Lost
There is something haunting the forests of Sweden - by Henry R. Enos
Amelia's Eats
Crimson Web
The lady next door (very short) Just happened
An interesting title.
I am not okay
Concert of Corpses...
HERE’S EVERYTHING YOU GET WITH 75K-WEEK PROFIT FORMULA
I watched a cursed youtube video, someone help me
I was laying in my bed one night and couldn't sleep so I got up too go get some food but when I walked over to the kitchen my cat knocked over some glassware that I left there it made me jump back then I ran for the lights once i got too the light switch
The dream I had the other night...
I'm a Wedding Photographer.. and My Last Three Clients have said there's something odd in their photos.....
Something is stalking me, But I can only see it in reflections.
Under the bed!
NBA 2K21 Next-Gen Gameplay Reveal
There’s a hole in the sky
Lady in the red robes
i did the bell jar alarm clock experiment and I heard something inside the bell jar while all the air was taken out
The Antique Hotel.
I Work For The SCP Foundation, Something is not right about this facility.
I don’t think the guy that pulled me over was a real cop
I’ve been at JFK for twelve hours. Why are there no flights to Chernobyl?
My friend Melissa almost got killed
I found strange patterns in a white noise station
I saw a ghost accident?
OKD app stole my soul...
Old Hag Harris
The Strange Boat
Sure, Jan. (Part One)
The brotherly bond
The Forest Man
A Spirit Living in my Mirror
Gone Fishin'
Isolation
Whatever Happened to Emily
Please be careful with your daughters
Why nobody can go into the shed
Go straight ahead.
I'm not sure if my milkshake took off, but that was reality, man
The Horns from Hell (part 3)
what is in my house ??
Cursed Tapes and How to Avoid Them Part 2: Human Coral
The day where my superstitious got disproved. Aliens beneath us?
Mirror Mirror Show Me The Truth!
Skin House
mum, the mice are making noise again.
Welcome to your new home!
There’s a man made of wood who lives in the forest. He’s trying to keep me from the thing I want most in the world.
I promised my mom I would kill my sister
my sweet, dead friend
I am a retired police officer what I saw still haunts me.
my home is super weird
The static noise you hear in complete silence is not the brain's defense from the call of something sinister.
A genuine encounter with the "simulation theory"
A Personal Warning Sign From Hell
The Black Wolf
My uncle found a podcast on our school website and it’s got me paranoid. I don’t think I’m safe.
There is a red door in my basement ,something else lives on my town 2
I found out that there was a demon worshipping cult in my village
I saw something that changed my life forever
7 days of Christmas torture- Day 1
An unwelcome guest. Part 1
Hey, listen!
Want to know why 2020 has been a terrible year? I’ll tell you everything from the start.
Instagram chain-mails are not always a joke
Marielle
The Hole in The Wall
I heard a voice saying “Don’t go home” during a dream. I should’ve listened to it...
The World In My Eyes
mu story with the magic
A hole on the wall
The Man was outside (Leviathan pt. 1)
People on this plane keep dying, and we aren't allowed to look out through the windows.
I Stared Into My Eyes In The Mirror And Something Bad Happened!
Hello, My name is Creatorda Guardian just a code name.
The Meeting
The Forever Killer
As luck would have it
I can't stop thinking about my ex (part 3)
Just found a weird video on a random post
And the Bombs fell
Eight feet tall
I believe I am being held against my will. (Update)
Tonight, We Dance A clickbait link led me to a bizarre ritual
CHURCH BUSINESS DURING CHURCH HOURS /CH. 2
Midnight road
My strange experiences in the Desert
The Moon Was Never Meant For Us... Part 1
The door in my dreams is real
There's Something Wrong With My Daughter, and Therapy Isn't Going To Help
somebody help me
Immobile
P.i.t.: Book 1- Episode 4
The Corner Of My Eye
Conversion. Chapter One: Indifference
I work on an oil rig in the North Sea. I think we found something.
I feel like I'm not alone any more...
Bump in the Night
Clowns in the Graveyard
Never trust the gods of old (part one)
My ‘bugged’ copy of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild
The day the birds fell out of the sky.
I made a peculiar discovery because i was nosy (Part 1)
Mr keepsy
Mason's End. not scary
Sorry, I was talking to myself
Suffering Jars
The man in the corner of my room is inconsistent.
She’s back. Nailsie is back.
Love Letters
You don't want to miss The Midnight Cabaret.
The Curse of Dark Mountain (Part 2)
The Antique Hotel-Permanent Resident
Two wanderers.
After what had happened, I am never going to house-sit again.
My tree-house is haunted by a thirteen year-old. Last night, the fucker egged my bedroom window.
I’m stuck on an endless train.
AIs from AI Dungeon 2 to sexy to funny and one based wholly on Reddit!My phone is full of pictures I didn't take
I work at an amusement park. Only half of the monsters here are paid actors.
In the apocalypse, I work for a company that exterminates mutated creatures. Alligators are pure hell.
The campus’s downfall
The kids who would visit me every night
I’m staying at a resort for people who are taking time off their medication. I’m noticing some strange things going on – Part 6
my run in with the drekavac
I woke up to 3 words on my arm, I can't read them.
Sold my soul
The eyes in the snow.
They Won't Let Go
You know... I really did make a wrong turn today
I just moved into a new apartment. Something is wrong with the property manager.
The Nightwalker
I am an EMT, and I think our patient is the devil.
I can't exactly explain what we saw in the woods that night.
My Creepiest Cases as a Private Investigator - Tommy Vaughn
If people say a place is haunted, believe them: Part III
Vampires suck...
The Appointment
I died and now I'm in stuck in this boy's head!
It's happening, and I'm typing this as a warning.
Bone Chilling New Hampshire Camping True Story
Beyond (part 1)
Mirror, mirror on the wall.
What I saw while working as a lumberjack in the forest at night.
The omnipresent dog walker
I Work at a Half Priced Voodoo Store (Part 2)
First Night Terror
I've attended and worked at the same summer camp for the last 15 years. The ghosts are the least of your worries- Shannon, Farryn, and the Leech (Part 6)
A Ghostly Trade
Yowie Story (Aussie Encounter)
I medically died for 40 seconds and I can explain what death is really like
Children of the Knight
Don’t ever follow the No-Front Man across the bridge
N.A.S.A misson #456 Galaxy exploration
The First Night (Part 2)
The other me
The Fire Man
The Tale of Don Moretti (1)
I'm a manger for an archipelago resort and we have a disturbing list of rules to follow
I met a spirit and now have to pass a trial (Part 2) (Minor Gore warning)
Observations of an Agoraphobic: I buzz in Mistress Ophelia's clients, they don't always come back out.I’ve been having strange premonitions lately, some of them are coming true.
The house
Barcelona’s Sagrada Familia Isn’t a Church. It’s a Prison.
I Got a Long Distance Call From Hell
I may have just accidentally danced with the Devil
I think I've been here before, but I don't know how - UPDATE
The Clowns At Rockdown Carnival
Where I Once Called Home (Part 1)
I have found a pathway across the multiverse
I can't sleep.
The new room
The One That Got Away
Rules for students at A-S Sixth Form Boarding.
You're eating chicken that your friend recommended for your birthday, and it's so good...
I Was Claimed By A Skinwalker
An Old Door Just Appeared in My Basement
Sacked Lunch
"Le Son"
I went to my far family and one of them is hiding a secret (part 1)
I am a television.
My Grandparents home history behind their paintings from the 1800's was not what I hoped to hear ..
Have you seen Darla Carson? (Part 1)
Just an ordinary Tuesday
My Brother is Obsessed with Music (Pt 2/End)
2:19
1 NEW MESSAGE
Weird Dreams
A stranger leaves me letters, part 1
My report to Special Agent Barrett Flaum of the Central Intelligence Agency
The beginning.
sfbbbere
A Regular Text Conversation?
Coffee at 11pm
Jolly Good Friend (The Chernobyl Tape)
Looking for the name of a story
Hey baby, have you been a pure girl? I won't be your sugar daddy otherwise.
Sleepless night
i dont think this is the right thread to post this to but please help me im scared now that ive shared something will go wrong
Crimson Web (Part 2)
The Nameless Nether
My house got weirder after my first story...
Welcome to Pembroke, Idaho (Part One)
Summer camp
The radio station
I wanted to be hot and skinny. This is what I did about it.
Do you ever recall a memory from your childhood realize it wasn’t as innocent as you remember?
They though she'd never return... She never went away.
I've Been Offered 100k to Stand in a Room. Alone. They Gave Me a Laptop.
The cracked faces (true story)
DepressAway.Inc
I no everyome is following me and i have a ex enemy
I Got A Flat Tire in The Middle of Nowhere And Now I'm Being Hunted
I'm a delivery truck driver who saw something weird and unexplainable
The Dream man
Best Title of 2019 Winners!
school terror
I inherited a Wild West model town. Today we learned about its dark secrets.
I got a job as night security on a train. I'm gonna die on this train (Part 3)
It happened that way
Something is living inside me.
How do I say this without sounding crazy?
I'm a claudette main and I need help with the perk build
Eris
Rules for New Security Guards
Something happened when I was staying up late last month, and I haven't been able to get it out of my head
Good Hard Wood
Do you support content in spanish?
He Was Called The Crimson King
Dream on Monday night. 12/2-3/19
Under the Ground: Getting rid of monsters made things worse
Flickering
I'm Dreaming About The Forest Again
Dreams of a Strange Man in the Snow.
Everyone said the world was ending-- no one mentioned how boring the end would be.
My daughter is missing, and the police won't believe my story!
Sasquatch
Someone listen to me, I am trapped in the pasture of the farm, in another world. I am not alone.
Watch, please. Wake up people. Wake up. This will give you no sleep
My weird family tradition could kill us (part 2 )(Finale)
The woman in white, that damn bloody witch in white...
What's in the roots. Part 1
My microwave lives in the future
I'm a Hollywood head hunter. I went in search of a beautiful actress.
My son’s imaginary friend...
My hotel room has rules that freak me out...
Terrifying encounter while exploring an abandoned mental asylum
What happened to Catherine that scared our whole school
Same thing happening to me
The one who sees all.
My Weird Ghost Experience In Gettysburg
I shouldn't have told my class the legend of Cecilia Simon (Part 2)
I’m BB Boleyn - the most famous rock star in the world - and I’ve got a creepy groupie - Final Part
A recurring nightmare
My horror story
The Silver Room
The Cosmic Gargantuan
The house with cold walls
Gateway in Green Hell
I ran an online scam on Craigslist
Something made people go missing 40 years ago. I was the one investigating it.
How to Survive Camping - I actually went camping
A Message: You're Like Me, and You Should Be Afraid
I found a note in my old college stuff. I never should have looked at it. Part I - The Watchmen
Black box
My Mom Never Told Me She was in Ballet, Here's Why
I work in an Aquarium and something bad is happening
I don’t like my moms new boyfriend
Our house used to have a ghost
Room 222: Runaway.
People of Reddit: What's the freakiest alternate reality/time warp/glitch in the matrix you've ever experienced?
Snowfall (Part 2 - End)
I May Have Just Had My Frist Night Terror
I paid a secret company £10,000 to get away with murder. Now, I am doomed.
Celler? I hardly knew 'er
Happy at Your Job?
The Wendigo Learned To Tell Time On Thanksgiving
So my Brother most likely got possessed...
Daisies dont grow in down town De Vessi
Weird Home Video
Don't Shoot, It's Me!
The Moon isn't Just a Rock, It's Much More Terrifying
not only babies crawl
Could someone explain?My son found a body in the woods
I should’ve never downloaded that damn walkie talkie app...
My husband is a doctor. He has been killing his patients for 30 years
That one phone call that changed everything.
I keep getting creepy Dear Santa letters in the mail
My encounter in the forest
Amoebas eating my brain I’m going to die Please help
I feel hands in my body (Entry 1-8 out of ?)
Short story
Police found a man’s severed head in a city park. This message was left next to it.
A story i need to find,
(Why cant Murdered people hold their breath on TV?)
the lady in white..
The Hitchhiker (Short)
The Old Ones
The basement game
My dog stares at himself in the mirror every night.
I will never go to an airbnb again
Whatever you do, don't buy a phone from a sketchy website
The House with 100 Doors (Part 6): The Dying Dream
What is the scariest dream you've had?
I found the gates of hell, they are under my great aunts basement.
I don't experience Thursdays
My military dad had us posted on some nondescript, classified island... and now I don’t think we’re alone.
My neighbours asked me to home sit, I should've said no
A Friendly Reminder
"We are being cased"
Creative Differences
He’s here.
My best friend died 4 years ago. I'm meeting him again tonight.
On my fifteenth birthday I got a list of rules to follow until I turn twenty
I'm a werewolf, and I'm afraid of my human girlfriend
I think my treehouse is haunted - Part Three: The sleepover
Little Brother
Bardolf Otto von Blutstadt
The Swarm Is Coming
I woke up in a metal chamber and I don't know when or where I am - Part 1
The New House: Part 2
"There's bodies in the snow"
Νικ
The dentist had strange rules i suffered for
5 months ago, I suffered a concussion
What Is Life?
The Black Pills
The Mute
Why I Never Uber Anymore
DOCUMENT FOUND BY POLICE IN AN EMPTY CABIN (PART 3)
possible poltergeist event that happend to me and my family
I've been driving endlessly for 15 hours, and I don't want to answer my phone.
The Seatmate
It's Just a Nightmare...
Last Night I Uploaded a Video I Don't Remember Making
I decide your fate
I Don't Think What I Saw in the Distance Was an Animal at All, Nor a Human
Man in the mirror
Hell is a person, not a place, and smells of burnt flesh, not brimstone.
I bought a new house and there is something down there in the basement.
I got a new pet parrot. But then I heard it speak, and now I'm afraid of what it might make me do.
My Daughter Has Been Replaced But No One Else Knows... Help me. (Part 3)
Written with no sleep. Check it out!
I think my friend is a murderer....
I Never Knew Things Would Turn Out This Way.
Don't trust the sky.
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know
My Friend Ramses
Relaxing Sound of rain forest
Passive RegressiveThe haunted guitar
Shouldn't have gone to the shed.
My mother killed my magic crab and now I'm alone and my smiles don't work like before.
I knew a woman who never took off her wedding dress
The creature in the woods
The smoking barrel
twisted wolf
Plenty of Cream
There's A Shadow In The Corner Of My Room.. its offered me a job with a concerning list of rules..I dont think it's a shadow..
Haunted Tower and Hidden Box with Satanic StuffThe Beauty Queen
The Deerians
This is my job, if you could call it that
I'm having the time of my life
I work at a diner in the middle of nowhere
What’s In The Woods At Night?
Worst shift in my entire life.
My English Final. tell me how it is.
I came through a hole in the universe. (Final)
Anitharith
Blood of the Covenant: Part 2
Asylum WIP
I tried to make my own scary mod...
The Black Pills Part 10
The Monster With the Stars
My Name is "J," and I can Teleport (Part 1)
Whispers in the Night
Strange things have been following me
The Confession of a Vampire
Dont Follow kids cries from down the street
A spooky book changed my life.
The Golf Course isn’t as it Seems
Name for the Same
An Untold Truth
I'm the Sole Survivor of an Experiment Known as the Soul Paradox
SCARY AS HELL
An unwanted guess
I attempted to taxidermy an animal I had never seen before. It is hunting me, and I have nowhere else to turn.
A scream in the night
Has anyone heard the beep?
I woke up in the middle of the woods. I can’t remember my name and something is hunting me in the dark.
The girl of my dreams
Trapped in the dark
I like going for walks at night
Always Vacant, Lights Always On
Here's a topic that makes us all uncomfortable.
He comes from southward.
Didn't get any sleep from a really tall creature in my mom's garage.
Babysitter
Last night Satan and I became Eskimo Brothers.
The day my meat started to beat it self.
Fork in the Path
My mom.... Must kill me?
My neighbor planted his fingers in my yard. They're starting to sprout.
Hi, My Name is Marisol, and I’m a Therapist For The Dead.
Look out the window, please.
Everyone thinks my uncle died in a car crash but I know otherwise...
I became a k-pop Idol trainee. But the letter I received yesterday is so strange.#1/ 나는 케이팝 아이돌 연습생이 되었어. 근데 어제 받은 편지가 좀 이상해.#.1
As a teenager, I went to a school that was filled with monsters. Rules helped a few friends, teachers, and I stay alive.
Pay attention to your sins, and never reach seven
Something just creepy happened to me and now i'm running...
I help people commit suicide, but they have to convince me to do it first.
He told me doing drugs would open my mind, he was right. (Finale)
My uncle used to own a farm. I wish I’d never set foot in that place. Part 3 - Final
The path that gives and takes
Monsters don't always hide under your bed
Haunting Thought
I’m so, so, sorry... written by-LoganR7Y
Something Is Preying on Our Town
The second my husband came home..
I Own A Journal Written by a Serial Killer. When I Checked it This Morning, I Found a New Entry
The Skinwalker of Moonsville Woods.
Reddit No Sleep Story: Where is Krishna ?
A Simple Game of Mafia (part 2)
The sound of frogs
He cut it down and now I’m going to do the same thing to him
I'm terrified of my guardian, some advice would be great.
I followed my dad thinking he was cheating on my mother, what I discovered was much worse.
People Think I'm A Serial Killer. It's Far Worse Than That. Part 11
I Remember Now
Why I never use street view on Google Maps
Strange black woman at my creepy neighbors window
ERROR; MESSAGE INTERCEPTED
Tropical smoothie BOIIII SIGN UP!!
The Living Nightmare
I’m 17 and I know EVERY language
I’m a new actor at a Wild West mode town. Today I found out I can’t escape.
My local supermarket had a hidden underground level with only one exit
"I don't mind if you ate my body when I died."Just Another Haunted Hotel Room Tale
Chumper's Potato Chips
NIGHTMARES
A disturbing occuence on a school trip
I thought my sister was home but, I was gravely mistaken...
Trunker's Treat
The well
h
They Call Me Hex
I work at a run-down motel. Here are some stories.
I don't want to die
I was there
My Abandoned Building Experience (The 21st NightCrawler)
The Skeleton Girl
Appreciation
This video contains a paid advertisement
The Last Time I’ll Ever Babysit
I'm writing warnings for everyone when I sleep
Greg
Be a good sister (part 1)
How Do You Mourn Someone That Never Even Existed?
Guidelines for De Vilsbrood Teachers
My Husband Went Missing in Sri Lanka; Now a Stranger's Using His Voice
I’m a high school teacher who just bought a lap dance from a former student. I’ve officially hit rock bottom.
She is Mummy
I should not have look into my grandmother's basement
Fear the one who knocks
I don't know what I saw. But it was not like anything I've seen before.
Something weird happened someone please explain
My sister was murdered. She told me where her body was.
My boyfriend: the Antichrist
Tuesday's Gone
Something sinester is going on at my local McDonalds
Church Lady
I was Thirteen and stupid enough to use a Ouija board
I'm a guide for big game monster hunts (Part 1)
08/17/20XX
I Explored an Abandon House and I Didn't Like What I Found (Pt1)
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. Oh, how I hate hand-puppets..
Every Night I Watch People Go Into My Neighbor's House
Anger Journal
Losing Time
Men in black suits took away my cat.
my neighbor is mentally ill 0_0 #1
My first sleep demon
I think my wife and kids are actors
Bones Crunch Just Like Snow.
The cabin in the woods
The Red Tape
I've been waiting in line at Walmart for hours!
My dreams are turning into a reality
The Strange Occurrences That Took Place At McDaniel's Manor (Part 1)
The zippers on people's skin are becoming undone.
The night sky ripped apart
There’s a Face Watching Me Sleep
M y PhO nnne IS NOT r iiight.
thispersondoesnotexist.com,
The Place
Unknown purple line
It was a normal morning
Flight 7809
I just graduated from medical school; here's what's been driving me through the worst of it
I can't open my bedroom door, and Im worried because my girlfriend is inside
My town has one rule: Never whistle in the graveyard.
"You look just like your mother"
If you are ever in Halstead Kansas, NEVER go to the AVI Bridge at night!
I didn’t want to meet them
My father used to watch storms.
A Routine Horror Show part 2
Atonement
For Better or Worse
A dead girl sat next to me at school.
Let's not sleep
I called the NSPL, but by the end of the call I was more worried that I was going to be murdered.
House of one and an unwelcome guest
A wendigo was watching me, I'm not going back
It Wasn't a Lipoma
Lonely Sasquatch ISO Love Part 5 Final
A man comes and stands unmoving outside my door every day. I don’t think I’m supposed to let him in.
I'm looking for someone called Trey aged 19. Please help
Nova Laboratories, Code Abyss
Subway 621
The Postman's Father
I Found An Old Journal At A Cabin In New Mexico. It Might Be Proof That Aliens Exist.
My friend tried the Elevator game at his apratment.
Im stuck at exactly 5:03 A.M and i dont know why or how.
The Power Ranger Kid
What. Was . That . Noise?
Don’t run, they like to chase
I am an only child and there is someone pretending to be my twin
There's a Green Jeep at the Dog Park
I've Been Kidnapped by Death (Part 1)
Lemon Demon - Two Trucks
There really was someone there
Please help me, I’m stuck.
The Elysian Tapes
Sky turtle tours ch6: dreams
creepypastas
Tenant Rights Query #72
My Sisters Ghost
Why I'm afraid of my own shadow
Ringing...
My friends and i nearly got eaten by a bunyip
There are black bears in my woods, this was not a black bear.
I think something bad is gonna happen to me
Anyone willing to let their stories be narrated?
the rotten boy
My husband died inside of me. Whatever he left isn't his.
Im Never Going Back to Las Vegas
I'm not what you think I am.
Scratching
Am I Being Paranoid, Or is Everyone Trying to Kill Me?
Exotic yet Manipulating: a Cat with Dreams (part 1)
Have You Heard About The Haunted Chrome Dino Game?
I'm beginning to forget.
Beach Bungalow
A Man Followed Me To My House...(Horror Story)
My Family Was Cursed With a Demon... He Says He's Not the Villain.
Stars from the Deep
Smashing Your Friends With Amy! That’s me!
She was never gone, nor were they ever dead
A story about joy and happiness instead
Seeing Spots
It’s A Boy
How do we go about our days when this world seems so cruel?
NSFW Story of how I learned of HOT
I don’t like being alone!
A story about my boy
My boyfriend used to be a driver for the Dark Convoy. When one door closes, another opens.
I fell in love with my co-worker, then I realized he killed my brother (part 1)
There's a fungal outbreak, and I have to get out of the city
The demon in the corner
I think that I should get discovered
I think my mother has been lying to me
The New Teacher (My First Story) {Part 1}
I think I sold my soul (last night)...
Something Primordially Dark Lives Under My Town
There's Something In The Fried Dough
Broughadra.
So I got a reading and...
64 Paintings
My sister: Going over film footage 2/?
A dark web site allowed us to vote on whether or not someone dies. I chose wrong.
Horror Webseries Broadcast 64
Heaven files (audio - Adrian Goldheart #1 )
Yo there's something out there
I keep getting these random fines and I don't know what to do about it...
SHELTER
I Can’t Believe I Thought This SubReddit Was Fake...
Dagger
The Corpus Arcade- Harry’s Haunted Hayride
Charter School Survival Guide – Don’t Watch the Parade
Something weird is going on in my quarantine center.
I never believed in the Paranormal, but this case changed that(1)
I Discovered an Amazon Locker that Doesn't Exist
I grew up with meth parents
A childhood memory
I was wrongfully arrested for murder on my 18th birthday. I refuse to keep what happened in the interrogation room a secret any longer. (FINALE)
My Mother Left - She Birthed a Monster
I found this written on my friends unsent message late at night and now I'm worried something will happen.
Never leave your friends in the tunnels.
I Camped With A Search And Rescue Officer And He Told Us Stories (1/?)
A Man In A Suit Has Been Following Me
My school got shot up and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember.
There is no god, we are living in the unknown world.
The Neighbors House Is Getting Closer
Under the Sun
The Woodland Whistler
It's trying to tell me when I'm going to die
I’m a...different...kind of police officer. I got my partner involved in something he doesn’t quite understand. Part 8
Never go through the back door at a full moon on a Friday (part 1)
The Man Behind The Avatar (Real Minecraft Experience)
Don't pick up girls at your Aunt's funeral...
You never know what you’ll hear if you record yourself sleeping.
Who wants creepy tarot readings??
Shiny Purple Paint (Warning: Scenes of Child Abuse)
The In-Between Man
I Downloaded a Game from the Dark Web - Now I Must Live with the Consequences
Have you ever been locked in love?
There is a man hurtling through space, to his death -- yet very few know of him...(part i)
My friends were too chicken to go with me. It saved my life.
There was a head in the locker room...
‘Twas the Ninth Night Before Christmas we had a Blast
My father died yesterday, but today was when things got weird...
I have this huge fear of rats and strangers and here's why
My friend and I visited an abandoned bus, we were not alone
Kidnapped by my sister's psycho ex
the three times I think I saw ghosts-real
A ghostly experience
A person with two genders
I Just Got A Job At A Hotel!
my weird mind
My Dad’s Family is… Different
Woke up throwing up sand after having sleep paralysis?
She's the most amazing person I've ever had the pleasure of knowing
Big Bird
Tricks and illusions that will blow your mind 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯
Tales from Singapore
I Found An Old Pirate Ship, Here’s What Happened Next. (1/2)
Why I'll never take a shower again
Someone Watches Me Sleep
I grew up in a small town that made all the childeren meet the Angel Reaper (part 2)
Little Lizzy Faulkner
The seventh entry
"Looking for a good time? Get Casey Lacy on the line."
My Paintings Are Alive
I awaken to my four year old watching me from the foot of my bed, "Honey what are you doing" I suddenly remembered she's at her dad's house
Looking Down and Seeing Angels
I'm a security guard in an old mental hospital. I've got a bone to pick with the cannibal queen..
A Grammy Can't Help But Worry
Genuinely no sleep.
The Sallow Suicide (A true story)
A man washed up on the shores of Connecticut
I doubt I can stay in here much longer, so I’ll try make this quick
Today, I met my doppelganger.
Guardian of the Woods
The shadow people are real and my organization is the only thing stopping them
I am 100% sure that my old high school girlfriend was ready to dispose of a dead child
I'm Being Hunted by a Pack of Werewolves for Sport
My daughter won't let me read stories to her any more.
I woke up to a emergency broadcast on my tv and now I can hear their voices
Diary of a Demon
When I see the sun
She knows how you will die.
The "Contact" ritual.
The House in the Middle of the Street
The Pi World Project
I'm an Evil Doll, But I'm not The Problem- Part 1
Not even death can hold you back...
I should've never have answered that text
I'm working at a Christian summer camp. It's over now (Part 8)
I am the last of the Nephilim, and I have made my decision5 golden rings just turned up in Angel Hills (part 5)
I Received A Letter Today And Fate Always Catches Up With You (Part 1)
The Silence... (Part 1)
full moon wish spell beware what u wish for .
It was Just the Other Day
The Mystery 0f B3d5!D3 M4n0r (Part 11)
I did Drugs with my friends and it turned my "high" into a nightmare.
My family isnt my family
The Night I Lost Everything
The Angels
That's Not My Shadow
It sat on my shelf, with thoughtless porcelain eyes and the prettiest pink doll dress I could find. Why did she have to be born still?
HOW TO MAKE MONEY ONLINE
We made a God and now I can't remember anything.
My childhood best friend went missing 10 years ago, and strange things are starting to happen... (1)
The Marble Mountains
A Devil in the Daylight
Late night bike rides: Its there
The Well – Desperation as the beginning
I just graduated from medical school, and the voices from my past are getting stronger
I think I had ghost dogs but I didn't even knew.
The man of ice
My Wife Called Today. She's Been Dead For Over A Year.
Blended—From the mind of a curiosity.
Tales From Port-land
The Body of A Little Boy Washes Up on the Beach Every Friday Morning
Don’t go to school.
That scratching and thumping noise I hear every night.
Something always sings alongside me
I think I was the one who created this world.
My Experience With Cryptids
My friends in the ground
Object Possession? Dybbuk??
My Friends and I Went Fishing... Something Caught Us
Tales from Silver Oaks: ‘The Peaceful Hour’ - Part Five - Finale.
I Took A Job From A Strange Man In A Bar. I Want Out
The Pool Watcher
Lost video
Paranormal Playlist
I'm a dreamwalker, and this is what that means.
I'm a character stuck in a story written by a madman!
I woke up from a nap this Christmas morning and my family is missing
Have you seen my girl (A Ghost Hunter's Memoir)
The Hallway
Something keeps screaming outside my window.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
I inherited a house from my great-uncle, but something doesn't seem right. Final Part
The voice from downstairs.
Buy Facebook Business Reviews,
The most weird youtube channel i have come across
Something surreal happened at dinner last night.
I fight ancient beings and i have some stories to tell.
An Apparition's Abrupt Appearance
I believe that my sugar daddy attempted to abduct me
I'm cursed and can't control that I jump to different dimensions. (Part 2)
My Older Brother left me a set of instructions to follow, I've been following them since I was nine. I know why he left me those instructions, and now I'm scared. (Part One)
July 25th
I am going to die soon
A Polyamory Relationship
The man in the shadows
Not a story but a question
I think I have been branded.
I will never larp again
The dream I murdered
They Bark for a Reason
I can't figure out what's been killing my animals.
Finding Skinwalker Cave
A Jin(ghost) story
MISSING: Emily Paulson
I found this diary under a plank, in my bedroom...
I keep leaving messages on my dead boyfriend's voicemail, then it called back (Part 8)
I started a cult once, now 10 years later they all want to kill my son
There's a ghost in my apartment.. (Final)
WHISTLING FIR
The well ate him
I am a Sheriff's Deputy in Bull's Heart Texas (Part 3.1)
I've been a truck driver for a few months, I've seen some weird things...part 5
A Voice in the Shadows part 2 of 4: The Medium
I've discovered an old bedroom in my attic... UPDATE 2 with pictures
Podcast: Mysteries around the Globe
I can't convince my roommate to stop playing League of LegendsThe Gift
If you see Blackhawks over your neighborhood...leave
I just got a new Job at some boring wear house or some shit working nights. My boss just gave me this dumb list of rules.
I Live At The North Pole(Part 7)
The two divine beings sat alone in the scorched forest.
Graceful. 2min read about how woman are expected to conform. My thoughts when I was 17 and in an abusive relationship
The Fallen: Part 1
I am a police tactical operator, and I ventured into a place I wasn’t supposed to. (Part 2)
The Ghost after Dawn
A Man of my Word
I need help.
The Woman in the Closet
Summer Fog
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity.
The Concrete Creaks.
To The Abyss and Back
The reason why I'm never gonna commute on a jeep alone at night.
I’ve been hearing strange noises at night. They are coming from the attic.
(Based on a true story) When I was a small boy in middle school I was lining up in the field after lunch
I was recruited for NASA’s Top Secret Mission to colonize the Moon. Something has gone Wrong.
Snowfall Chapter 2: House In the Void
Alone on the bus
My sleep paralysis demon is real.
Skin Tag Forest
I have 27 hours left to live. (Part 1)
Mr. Blue wants to make a game out of you.
I see the same bird everyday, he just stares.
For some reason I feel lung pain
Kill the Basilisk
My son eats by himself.
Your Penis is Not What You Think it is
Invaders and the chase(Part 3 of Invaders)
I Lost My Virginity to My Girlfriend, It Turned Me into a Monster. Part 12
The Phantom of the Bowling Alley
I just woke up from having the most horrific dream I have ever had. I can’t even believe that my mind could conjure up something like this.
I think something is watching me
I Hope It Burns
I've just taken medical retirement from an agency I'm not allowed to admit exists.
The Dream Whisperer
New to this subreddit but here
Something disturbing happened while I was camping.
I'm living in an IRL creepypasta
My best friends last email
I'm a doctor now
That Night In My Hostel Room
Heirloom
I was told surviving college is hard. We just keep hoping we survived the night. (Part 1)
The government quarantined my soul because it was "dirty." I tried to escape and faced the consequences.
I Introduced My Girlfriend To My Parents
There’s a monster in my room but it’s not the figure in the corner.
How much can one endanger his and others whole lives in a single moment? Perhaps not that much, one might say, when sitting calmly in a warm room. Frightened humans on the other hand, can do what they did not even dream of doing. I understood that after hiking in Devil's Pit, Eastern Europe..
I didn't kidnap and torture my nephew or murder 2 people. - Next of Kin (5)
He had no face....(Part 1)
Shoot For the Stars
Three, two, one...
Constriction: A Forbidden Test, § 1
A true (?) ghost story
I wished for peace, and I got it... Unfortunately.
Is this thing real, or am I insane? How can I make it stop looking at me?
The Monkey
I work for SETI and I received a transmission from something who knows me(repost)
There's something consuming me from the inside out.
What's going on
My Therapist Suggested I Write This Letter
I became a Wendigo, I think I'm in purgatory
All of the adults at my boarding school have vanished without a trace
I went to Nothe, the place to find oneself.
Porn live-cam turned out to be something sinister
My story came to life.
Something Watches me at Night, and I'm Afraid I Just Made it Angry.
My school got shot up and the shooter and I are the only ones who remember it
I’m being followed
The power went out in my city (day 2)The power went out in my city (day 2)
The third wave of Cryonic Dreaming
Attack of the simps.
Would you believe me if i told you she was the father?
What ever happened to the US search and rescue volunteer with the stories? Did he ever post again?
To Taste Her
Do not stop in Gulchville, Nevada!
October 21st 2019: CDC level 4 bioweapon information leak on '4chan'
In the Open Doorway (part 2)
I found a baby in the lost and found at the library and now I don’t know what to do
The "shadow man"
A Divided Soul.
The Beast of The Mountain (Part 2)
I disturbed the dead, and now she won't leave me alone...
Dream loop: A horrific experience
My Neighbor is a Dollmaker. I Think I'm His Next Project.
I Just Saw a Craigslist Ad for Myself
Creatures at Night
I contacted the spirit that was haunting me for 7 years
Roblox hacker?
I met a guy who could experience and feel things by looking at photographs of people. I wish i never met him. (PART 1)
I see my dead best friend
The Spider Bites Part 2
I saw something outside my window that almost killed me (part 1)
Diving for Coral
Happy lives
Grade School Teacher From Hell
Confession, I tried to rob my company and it really didn't work out
There is a sound that falls on deaf ears
Looking for one specific /NoSleep story I once read
Werewolf hunt
I Should Have Waited Till the Morning to Shovel
Unusual voicemails?
The Dream That Felt Real
I Was Hunting Extra-dimensional Aliens My Whole Life And Didn't Even Know It
My Great Aunt's Garden Gnomes are Multiplying
I keep seeing a woman in the corner of my eye
The man made apocalypse and its rules (Part 1)
Not scary, but very weird
My Sister and I have a bad habit of Dying
Half Rock Cave part 1
I'm bilingual. I speak the language of demons.
Candles burning for Sleep (1 hour)
7.My Kid Summoned a Demon, And Now I’m Meeting The Family.
The Diaries Of Lilian: I have memories I shouldn’t Have
The Bride by the lonely shore
PLease help.....
This was the closest I had ever been to someone Turning
My Grandma’s Farm Had Strange Rules (part 1)
THE END
Moonrise Inn: The Night Shift
The quench. A creature of the corona virus
Last One Gets The Lights
Stuck in a dream
I feel so uncomfortable
Forever Followed By Monsters part 1
Every night for the past 18 years someone has been sneaking into my bedroom and sleeping next to me.
It wasn’t a dream. It wasn’t our imagination.
'Not a mistake'
If I quit my job, I might be next. (Part 3)
test and go
Jack and Dad...
Pulling an all nighter
Nocturnal Animal
I got an interview for a new job and some weird things are happening
2012 - An Airport Snowstorm (1)
How to Survive Camping: hateful blood
Grandpa could Speedrun Super Mario Brothers like a Pro
Abexecion's Grimoire
Why?
168 games in and I am losing it.
If anyone can help me find this story I read here on no sleep. Thank you!!!
My friend isn't human or sane
I hate this part of my life
My cat seems to be protecting me from something
I think my boyfriend’s daughter wants to tear my skin off
My roommate is a bit odd
I Think I Grabbed the Wrong Baby
Fly on a white tile wall
An entire palace exists under my house. The goblin king wants me to assasinate someone.
Something's wrong with my dog. Very wrong.
The Grandfather Puzzle
I’m a Freemason and I have some stories to tell you – As Above, So Below – My Swan Song (Final part)
Debts to the Deep
My Preternatural Account part 4: The Whisper
My apartment had 12 rules I need to follow to stay alive ( Part 3)
I can’t show images
The Clockwork Ghost Ship
Trevor's Tales E1S1: Pilot
The hole in the wall
Boothworld Industries : The Remodeler's Perspective
I died yesterday
The (over)population lie;copied from 4chan /x/
My dad discovered immortality.
Last night I saw my mother...
As a teacher I learned that A bully can never really hide from their past.
Death Eternal
I work as a supermarket night guard but not for the reason you think: 1st day
Don't Even Trip Man
I thought I was incapable of love until I met her.
I got trapped in a car with my 2 parents and 1 brother. (INSPIRED BY NEVER-ENDING AIRPLANE STORY)
Someone who fakes faking is just doing sarcasm
Old Haunted House
Locked in from the inside.
I’m a commentator for a tournament of nightmares. The opening round was a bloodbath.
Girl in the mirror
I was rescued by a group of old men who violated me in the forest. I was finally starting to come to terms with my life. Until I learned the truth.Tale From A Gravedigger (Part 2)
My son sees someone at his window every night. I thought he was crazy.
I was betrayed and now I'm stuck in complete darkness
We were Followed by a Mysterious Car
I own a boutique that offers full body transformations to customers in need of a new identity.
I was a Police officer Investigating a missing person and it was the worst case of my career
2 easy
I just started working the night shift at my university library. I found an envelope with rules that weren't in the employment manual.
The Sallow Suicide (True, if you willing to believe me.)
The Day Continues.
My sister’s side of the story (Part three)
Screaming Girl in my backyard
Vocifery Desires
Something in Our House Wants Us Out
Hunger, part 3.
My husband is driving but won’t stop staring at me
Not everyone is real
Deathbed
What If You Forgot How To Breathe?
Mr. GoAway.
I'm a park security member and there are some things you must know (Part 10)
At Night The Trees Scream
Don’t be afraid of the dark
A South Indian girl's short
Trudy's eggs
The Glowing on the Road, 1996.
Cold Blooded
The truth about Area 51, and why you need to get there
Eyeless Bobby
children haunt my home to this day
As A Child, I Lived in a Haunted House. I Think it Might Help to Share My Stories (Part 2)
I've been to hell, here's my experience.
I'm deteriorating
The Angel of Death saved my life
My Treehouse is the Devil's BinPossible upcoming story
I’m being threatened by gang members
That incident has changed me....
If a family member has the flu, pray it isn't something worse
Open Invitation
Everything is Vague
The Man In The Trees
i woke up on my kitchen floor and everything is backwards.
An entire town's population vanished (Part 2)
Rose Blossoms
This is for real, i need your help guys, real help, I need to collect reliable information about vampires, I need spells, stories and real locations. I know it may sound like a joke, but it is not, I have dedicated to find them and try to get in touch with them, this is my destiny, o dea tenebris.
I just remembered something really creepy from my childhood
can anyone decode this?
Your Grandmother’s Prayers are Still Protecting You
Voices Over the Radio
Why my family moved from our old house.
Season of Red
If you fell something while your on your computer, dont look.
Sleeping to thunder!
My best friend and I have finally moved into our own place after 20 years, but something is not right about the house; especially the landlord. Part 1.
I am used to late night visitors, but this one gave me the chills. FINAL
In my bedroom
Don't go hiking near Bear Cove
Just captured this frightening audio within a Live Photo. Only myself and my 3 year old daughter alone in our house this morning. What the hell could that sound be?? https://imgur.com/gallery/2SmRoOQ
I cant do what I love because of a demon
The Haunting of Cobblestone Square
My Favorite Mug
I’m looking for this series
I'm a Correctional Lieutenant, and these are my stories. (Part 2!)
I work at a local store in a small town. It's a little strange here. (PART 1)
There Was A Man At My Front Door
Reverse Vampires 13: The Grey
The Clown In My Closet
It is find to difficult to grow your channel for brand and personnally click on the link
New Neighbor
I received a noise complaint over a dog barking too late at night. It wasn't a dog.
my airplane didn't move | part 1
Who knew that a 14-year-old opinionated KID could be killed because of his opinions?
Don’t let it in.
I'm a guard who protects vaults with supernatural things inside of it
My sleep paralysis demon turned itself into my boyfriend.
Time keeps erasing
mushrooms, LSD , DMT FOR SALE / txt 6284002452
At 2AM every night, I heard thirteen knocks at the door.
My Family Was Cursed With A Demon ... Now It Wants Blood.
Strong gut intuition panic..
I think there's something living here with me...
The power went out in my city (part 2)
The world changes
they’re back
Beware the Smiling Boy.
A friend in need
A Few Days Ago I Met A Mysterious Girl Playing Free Fire, I Thought I Wanted To Be My Girlfriend But It Turned Out To Be Something Much Worse.
My Grandmother's Experience With The Suffering Part 3
the water
please help, i think somethings wrong with me.
NeoNERV: I Studied String Theory and Started to Unravel
Please help. Something happened while I was on vacation in New Zealand and long story short I think I’m in Spain.
Hell is other hikers | part 3
My mothers best friend
The saying goes that real monsters don't live beneath the bed. They live next door.
The watcher
For Good Saint Nicks Sake
A crazy man used to preach at my university. Now I know he really served the Devil.
Death Clock
I Regret Joining the Search Party for a Local Missing Teenager
I work in an antique shop, and strange things are happening here... (Part 9)
The Wall
10 Facts About My Demonic Possession You Wouldn't Believe
I found a journal in the Siberian wilderness... Now i wish i hadn't.
My High School Senior Year Didn't Go As Expected..
Eager
The tiny wooden elephant.
Brother like Brother
I can't see anyone's faces
At the foot of the door
I died and I can explain to everyone what dying feels like (true)
I had a dream last night, and I'm scared of what will happen

the cookie
I keep getting sent letter which are not for me but for my organs
Some people just don’t appreciate loyalty.
My Grandpa taught me to fly
The laptop I stole from a Catholic priest has access to the Vatican's secret library (Finale)
Pieces and Parts
The Flicker
Beware the blanks! Avoid the shadowlands!
This is just a test to see if I can post
Conclusion
Money from Hell (part 1)
Kyle's Channel: Part One
The Color Red Part I
I am a reporter working at the Area 51 raid
The witch was standing in the corner of the room and was counting something.
I'm a magician, and I'm in need of my greatest escape act.
The Funeral Pyre: Abducted by a Madman
THE 'TALL MAN'
I went to the beach with my friends two weeks ago. We never left.
A mortician’s job is never done – Annie
Can anyone explain my dream?
I just got a call.....
If your car stops moving, there’s already no escape.
My Mom died
The Midwives are real. I think you can trust them.
I dared my friend to get infected but now i regret it!
I work for The Corporation. We have a 'psych ward' for one person. (Part 1)
We stumbled upon a serial killer while camping..
I live on a weird plot of land
The Spyhole Game
I'm an American Werewolf Hunter
music and showers don't go well together
I'm flying a jet... If I land I will die
Innocent if you drown
Tingles.
Something Kidnapped My Little Sister. I'm Coming for It.
Have you ever seen the Grieving Angel?
Nine months
Quantum Quarantine
Paranormal activity in my House
The stalking in california pt 1
I know the truth about the Observer now. Some advice: don't go looking for it. (FINAL)
I’m Moving My Stories Onto Another Site
Love Raven Miller
I was the star of Dr. Warly’s adventure club: A children's show that doesn't exist
I Bought My Life For $19.99
The Missed Call
Nightcap
My mother always told me smoking could kill. I just didn't know it was instantly.
I was that one night, that one night that changed everyhting
DO NOT TAKE VALSCERIUM. DO NOT TAKE VALSCERIUM. DO NOT TAKE VALSCERIUM.
Eternal gas huffer
Mommy!
I found a message in a bottle. And another. And another.
Nbj
I Found An Anime Video On An Old Phone, I Never Wanna See It Again.
There was more than Koi in the dead man's pond
They are real
The Woman beside me is Not human
An Intro to Horror
My sister is missing and I think I'm next.
UK Haunted wartime Barracks
I had sleep paralysis while someone broke into my home...
A Spider Stole My Wife
Fortune Cookies
The Other Driver
I Need Advice About Ghosts
Always Wear Protection
I met a traveling salesman selling alternatives to Hell.
Someone's shadow is following me.
Epayments to reactivate our accounts or to give us our money
Best CreepyPasta you’ve ever read/heard?
The White Rose Butcher
I took up a job as a night guard. I shouldn't have.
Australian government torture system
He's not home yet
My Daughter Made a Friend in the Trees, and It Hated Me
The day I almost died
I'm Trapped In A Hospital, And I'm Not Alone
strange facebook message from my self
The Uninvited
The Trapdoor in the Basement of My Building
My train missed its stop last week, and no one noticed
I’m a monster in disguise.
I believe my father is hiding something (Part 1)
The steps outside my tent
We can't fight it...
A creepy statue
Every time my name is called, someone dies. (Chapter 1)
The Mirror that Haunted Me (Part 1)
They say Ragnarok is the end of the world. But I don’t personally think it’s that bad.
Always check behind you
We revived two Homo neanderthalensis to discover why they were extinct. Now everyone in my building is going to die
I found a creepy note this morning in the AirBnB I’m staying at
The people in my building are always the same
Help I’m in trapped in the middle of the woods with a monster
Real Scary Story that happened to me
Edward Hyde Gives Away Success For Free— If You Ever Meet him, SAY NO! (Part 2– Final)
FUCKED UP SHIT
The Witch of Himachal
I kill werewolves for the government
I Work at the Darabont County Archives - Part Four
My boyfriend isn't speaking Japanese anymore
Just Joined!!!
Billy took my mom's stuff https://youtu.be/aU5822d12-0
Every single passenger in this train is going to die.
An unorthodox couples therapy session saved my life
Cranky Craig
Couples therapy is supposed to rekindle your dreams. What my husband and I experienced was a nightmare. Session four - Stan.
He's Behind You.
lift your problems
What the Hell Was in My House?
I’m a Roman Catholic Priest, and I just heard the most disturbing confession of my life.
I Took A Pill From A Dominos Employee In New York City.
"The Telescope" (First Horror Story)
SOMEONE IS KILLING CLOWNS
Fish Clicker™
Silence.
I may be a poltergeist
The night project. Part 1
The Demon River
Don't go to a private school in Sweden!
The Journal of Anthony Hawker
The man in white
I Live At The North Pole(Part 6)
I tried sneaking into work after hours to delete a career ruining email, but then I learned how sinister escalators can be.
My friend and I made up an elevator game once
A Place We All Know
I’m not supposed to see these things, am I?
An Image of Death
The skeleton man in my dreams
The Train To Pyongyang
Evil eye
Wed, Dec 31,1969
What to do when there's no escape
Why was he in my house?
The Big Platchki of the 1800s
Different aunt
I was a housesitter...
I Think I Saw A Wendigo Through The Train Window
Never try to meet the ocean men.
Rule of ThreeHello Authors of r/nosleep !
Rebooting my YouTube channel.
I am in a race for my life.
I Picked Up a Broadcast for "The Rules of the Road" On My Gameboy, It Sent Me On A Journey I Can't Turn Back From....Part 2 And Finale
It was all a bad dream...
Contagious Perpetuity.
Being a professional mourner is dangerous work. I see window corpses and they terrify me.
I discovered the horrifying reason why men empathize more with fetuses than with women
This was actually read in a court of law, if you can believe that
I’m scared…
I moved into 323 Waterview Place last Wednesday, middle finger raised. Now it's Sunday, and I regret ignoring my neighbors' warnings.
What causes of hearing voices in your head usually before or after sleep or repeat part of music in your head and waste your energy?
A Big Hospital
There is now an in-dream hotline you can call to escape nightmares
There's a mysterious woman in every mirror I see...
Your typical “something scary” story
8-28-2006. Dr. Robert's Test Timeline... From The Beginning.
Hallucinations nearly killed me
I’m stuck in a nightmare and my real body is rotting.
A Touching Gift
What Man Wasn’t Meant To Know (Part 5)
We Order a Pumpkin Spice Latte
what goes bump in the night
A Demon Named Frank
The diaries of an alternative hitman
The cast of my favourite TV show are dead, and my best friends killed them.
I wrote an extremely long click-bait title that would grab everyone's attention to gain likes and followers. What happened next was way worse than anything I could have ever expected.
I’ve been paralyzed for five years… This morning I woke up with feeling in my legs again.
I Sold 59 Days, 14 Hours, and 31 minutes of my Life to a Stranger
A friend asked me to run his hotel. I shouldn't have agreed.
The creatures in the woods are deadly, and I've made it my life's work to figure out what they are. Reclusive; Part 1
But Nobody Was Home
We discovered immortality, but something went wrong (part 1)I'm a truck driver and my company has some strange rules
I Was Hired To Preach At A Weird Wake... And I Don’t Even Know The Name Of The Deceased
WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER
Alexa stop farting
Should've never left my bed (Part 1)
I was wondering...
I'm trapped in this school with something that isn't entirely human - Part 2
A Voice From Below (Part 2) (Final)
The day my shadow vanished.
Dirty Skies
The bird puppet who made me dance for my life
Reckless Birthdays
Nightmare Story
NEED HELP! EYE IN HAND. SEES ALL. KNOWS ALL. JUDGES MAN
The very last time I spent a summer with my cousins
Barkings
Escape From Room 9
I smashed all the mirrors.
Demon
The Monsters In Your Closet Are Hiding Too.
How a birthday party turned to a murder mystery...
I Finally Found A Date To The Prom
I Was Walking though a Cemetery in the Forest. I Discovered My Own Grave.
Don't go down the trail
Plagerism leonardo desalvatore
The Hamburger Helper Oven Mitt Tried to Eat My Iguana
Two men broke into my house last night. My boyfriend and I are being held captive. I don't know what to do.
Laying away at 4AM writing this as I literally can't sleep, silly story about a funny noise I hear.
This is a mission log from the first-ever mission to Mars, told in the perspective of an AI known as MACS Part 1.
Log Book Part 1. It's out there
Why You Should Always Listen to Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird" in Its Entirety
Weird Things Happen in my Town and I Don’t Know Why
The Eye That Watches Me (Update)
The Dead Ones
It's Already to Late
How I Avoided Krampus's Wrath
I met my doppelganger while waiting for the train. This is how he tried to end me.Decapitated Tiny Limbs. My childhood story.
The little girl I babysit warned me about the Nope Noodles. I thought it was a joke at first...
The Elevator Dimension
The most painful thing is to see a father mourning his child
The Legend of dark hollow
The Last Unwrapping Party On Earth (Part Four)
You Won't Believe What My Job Is
Don’t suppose I’ll go back to Lobsterfest after the wicked scorcher last year
strange pics and moments in my life.
Worst game of hide and seek I've ever had
Horror story: is it you?A Portal Made of Questionable Decisions (Part 2)
A Strange Desk
Project Morningstar
The Wicker Saga: Song of Joy, Part 17
The scariest moment of my life
Something horrible happened during my last flying lesson.
My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings, I don’t know if I want to go back to that house yet. The little girl scares me..
Wait... 4 it...
The Devil in the Badlands.
I was kidnapped as a child...by another child
My father is a surgeon but the file on his laptop says otherwise Part 1
I work for SETI, and I received a transmission from something who knows me
My dream wasn't just a dream.
The Interview
no sleep
Save my soul
I'm a thief. I stole the "golden egg of babylon" from a demon and now fear for my life.
I promised my wife I'd protect her from spiders.
If you have this, I will die.
I have a mud puddle to show you!
There's Something in My Backyard and I Think it Took My Dog
My Fiancée has pictures of me that I’ve never seen before?
I'm up way too late
I'm on holiday and there's something really wrong happening on this island (Update 2)
From the Diary of Morgan Freeman
The street lights keep going off. Is this normal?
The Death Pill
My cross is not yours to bear.
I saved the world today.. but not from what you think
3meter tall demon
Basic Military Training, Flight 616
I injected myself with a gene-editing kit and I regret it
There's a demon in the corner of my room
I’ve seen what nobody else can but nobody believes me!
Oh Lark, Won't You Sing Me Another?
I found a book that erases unwanted memories. Some things are just too painful to forget.
The abstract woman in my painting is coming out to get me
My Grandfather built his mansion over a corpse disposal. Now I know why.
Dream or Reality?
My friends and I explored the depths of The Wailing Cave. I'm the only one that came back.
Something terrible has brought me back from death.
Crazy Aunt Suzyie
The Swifty DreamThe Swifty Dream
I Lived With Monsters
I am Burdened with saving the word /Part 2
Something Is Preying On Our Town
My girlfriend's best friend is insane
The Zoo
Is someone fucking with me?
Nine one onetime child trauma
The Chicken
I just had a strange cult dream
Mr.Waffles
the accident
My wife has an ugly side when she sleepwalks
Smiley face murderers
Hi!
i can hear everything one year into the future
Socorro, New Mexico, 1914
My carpool driver has been driving for weeks straight now. I finally found someone else!
I’ve been sleep walking lately and tonight I’m turning myself in to the police
The cat place
A Christmas Nightmare
Crow
Guys I can't sleep
I walked through the door in the PE hall, now, I'm in hell.
Thom is hiding from the ghosts, created by an A.I
Hallowed Ground ~ Part VII (Finale)
I Was Raised As Part Of An Experiment
The Couple Who Won’t Leave My House
Babes in the Wood
Thank You For Calling
I can't figure out what's been killing my animals. I followed it home.
Chronicles of a Fallen Angel: The Night I Told My Friend The Truth pt.1
Curiosity
looking for an old story i read some 5 years back now. please help
The farmers nightmare (Part 1)
"Looks forever!"... or so I thought.
The Perfect Audience
We've Been Hiking Through this Forest for Three Days and Keep Finding Dead Animals Hanging From the Trees
The Hunter entries 1-5 by Tee Stache
The Bad Things Happen At Night
The Photo Translator I Invented Sees Things It Shouldn't (Part 2)
My only friend is a robot I built at school. Yesterday, it showed up at my house.
The Disappearing Island.
(Part 5) My great-aunt left me a note of rules and warnings. I’m on thin ice.
How me and my friend almost died during a break-in while home alone
I just remembered a series of dreams I had as a kid
Raventown Part Three
My sleep paralysis boyfriend
I’m having trouble sleeping at night, something is trying to show me something... (Part 1)
She won’t let me stop
There actually was “ something ”
Strange voice intercepted a call I was in
CHANGE THE SYSTEM
What better place than the woods?
Animal Attack Premonition
I passed by the hospital every day
I’m a former employee of the United States Department of International Security. There's a reason it no longer is publicly known. (Part 1)
Death Bond
I went on a meditation retreat in Colorado, but now I would rather die than reach enlightenment.
Depression mixed with some worms and placebo pills
How Quarantine Change My Husband
Red Icicle.
The Obsidian Deluge - Part 1
A Time-Traveler's Guide To History That I Couldn't Read
I had the same dream my fiancé did a few nights earlier.
Ma'am: the house in Detroit I can't sell
My first Sleep Paralysis... And Sleep Paralysis Demon...
Titles Are Hard
Strange things would always happen in my childhood home, and now I think it was my step-sister’s fault
Demonic Deer In My Cornfield
Chander Project - Part 1
How to kill an idea
We were hired to attack a base in russia
I'm a grievance counsellor for the dead. Todays client called himself "The Cicada Man."
I Hunt Skin-Walkers For a Living
I found out I wasn’t my sons biological father and here’s what it made me do
On some nights, my cat would claw at the closed spare bedroom door to no avail. I always ignored it, but a few nights ago, I opened it. Part 3
OPERATION AQUARIUS
The Canadian mountains are hiding something. It wants us dead.
They called it 'the deep doctrine'
Residence: Clackers
Im starting to think this is not a dream.
I got a birthday gift from my Dad.
A fog came in one night on Abbeydown Road in Minnesqire
The Tree and the trunk
Everything and nothing and answers for questions of nothing.
The parasites in my body are driving me insane... (Real Dream)
When I was Younger My Friend Disappeared into a Cave where monsters are Meant to Live.
The Obsidian Deluge - Part 2
The Burned Photo
My Mom isn't my Mom
My ex won't stop stalking me, even in death
Every Night I Have To Kill Myself Or Someone Will Die.
Hey it's Madison (part 2)
At The Mercy Of The Ocean
The candy is going to be sweeter this Halloween
My dead friend visits me in my dreams. He's here now, but I'm not asleep.
You already know why I'm here. Now help me escape.
Cổng Xếp Inox LB301
It was a Christmas day
Working As A Porter At An Old Chevrolet Dealership
The lights flickered today
I Apparently Have A Ghost Trying to Haunt Me - Advice? Part II
6. My Kid Summoned A Demon, Now We’re In Hell.
The Contract
Night Terror
2:19 am.
BEEp
Have a story ?
Mount Drafter School is not really the best school. (part 1)
Ten year old me witnessed something horrible while looking over a wall at a Mexican party.
The weeping woman outside of my shower.
Fruiting Body
I used to be a diver. Now I have Thalassophobia.
Remote research center in alaska
My girlfriend has picked up a strange dance during lockdown. I don't know what to do.
We were supposed to be immune, at least, that’s what they told us
America, America This is you. Post #1
scary!!!
An Interesting titleI found bodies hanging from the trees and now something is stalking me
My friend has a coin-operated little brother.
Don't go outside
The Black Dog Runs at Night
I think my neighbor is doing something bad.
Feelings of grief, but he's still alive
My Mums Mum &lt;3
I just found a secret hatch to somewhere else in my house, that somewhere else, is where my family died.
A true story.
My sleep paralysis demon predicts the future
How I became a wax statute. And if you ever see me again it's not me anymore.
In 2019, I went on tour with the Antichrist – Part 2
This is my terrifying experience with the black eyed man
Sorry, it’s not personal
I’m new to the scary story thing so sorry if this is bad
Came upon this while researching the 966 Lindley St case.
Clairvoyance: The Lighthouse on Darren's Beach
Webb Estates (Part I)
What the hell is wrong with me
Steps of torture
Got Your Nose!
We've created a Horror story, Creepy story podcast.
My Childhood Experiences In A Small Rural Town.
An Interesting Interaction
I used to love my job until I met him
My Daughter Digs Holes
HE comes once a year (Part 3)My Creations
The monster at 3.
Be careful with meditation..
It picked me up!!
The Minotaur's Labyrinth (Final)
READ IF YOU DRIVE FOR LYFT OR UBER!!! PLEASE!
Hard to kill
My Treehouse is the Devil's Bin
It Was Already Too Late
The Most Infamous Serial Killer Who Was Never caught
Faceless
